Trial by Fraud (pt 5)
May 9, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvzC3qx-oyw

Anonymous is Jack a freelance question I
turned down a job because I didn't like
the political angle the video would show
guy calls me out saying I was no better
than a baker who wouldn't make gay cakes
how to reconcile just ignore move on
with your life I mean that's the time
that's how you move on is you know you
know I have no way to reconcile that I I
have said no to many jobs because I
didn't like the people like it wasn't
any political reasons but like I'd have
a meeting with someone and they were a
real dickhead just like you could tell
right off the bat and you know we talked
about the video project they wanted and
I knew from the get-go that this is a
person I would not work well with uh-huh
and so I just said no I said no to the
job and so I think there's the the
slight difference is when when you are
uh when you're when you're a freelancer
it's not necessarily in the SERP you're
not necessarily when you're a freelancer
you're not necessarily in the service
industry it's not just about making a
product and selling that product your
there's a lot of interaction involved
and so knowing the political leanings
maybe you also didn't want to work with
that person over and over again so maybe
that's how you square that particular
circle but
I've said no to plenty of jobs because
people were dickheads and so don't don't
be sorry about saying no to a job that
you wouldn't like unless you know X and
X and X oh wow
Jack do you have any stories of people
trying to get free work or massive
discounts from you Oh a ton and a ton of
me falling for it it's just because you
expect cinematic games to be linear
doesn't mean they shouldn't go the extra
mile to let Jack save his some just my
son just because you can do something
doesn't necessarily mean you are
obligated to well you know why would I
complain if you could pet your kid no I
probably I probably wouldn't complain if
you could write at the same time I'm not
gonna dock them points because they
didn't choose to do that I think that's
fair and here is absolutely fair edge
like a popular thing going back to uh I
completely forgot he did that I love
that just rips off his own rib are you
an independent contractor I am I'm a
freelance video producer that's my day
job as I make commercial videos for
people damn it I don't want to climb
that fucking tree everybody sit with
them so I well I don't have any stories
I don't have many stories of people you
know the thing a lot of people know
about with freelance video work is the
the for exposure and go like I we don't
have any money to pay you but it'll be
great exposure for you actually a more
common angle when you're making
commercial videos is the if you do this
one video for a reduced price I can give
you more work later that is the greatest
lie anyone will ever tell you exponent
well and you know like the hole for
exposure angle is by the way a dual
edged sword because you do need shit in
your resume in order to get work that's
just that's just a fact of being a
freelancer and being a video producer is
you need a real you need stuff that
doesn't mean you have to do stuff for
other people that's why I really like
music video work a lot of the music
video I did early on was was free like
they didn't pay for that that was just
fun stuff that I wanted to do
tell me lies so the big lie is you'll
meet with a client and you know they'll
want a commercial video done and you say
okay that's no problem here is my
estimated rate based off of the hours I
think it'll take and they go for that's
just too much that's too expensive I
can't do that what do you think about a
reduced rate and you know you give me a
reduced rates like my business is gonna
be picking up soon I can definitely get
you more work later on and you say to
yourself well maybe we can do that you
know you're freelance and so any any
time you're not working you're not
making money some has a little bit of
money better than no money
yeah that's these oh honey how do you
handle this uh it depends on on your
bank account at the moment is the honest
answer I've done it some times I have
done it some times where I've done the
work for cheaper and I can tell you this
I have always err I haven't always
regretted it but it has never led to
more work
never never okay it has never for me led
to that addiction have you ever called
someone out on that like like I've heard
that before
and it has absolutely never led to more
work sir have you ever done that I have
and and like I said a lot of times that
that's just like how my bank account is
feeling at the moment how busy I am and
how much I like that person and I I have
had meetings with people where they've
seen you know I asked for the reduced
rate I can get you more work and I've
had that conversation with them I can
say I can tell you from experience it
never leads to more working they always
it's always the same like oh no no I
definitely like I want to do this video
I want to do this video there's
definitely more work down the line if
you can do this one for cheaper they
live in their own bubble and they don't
understand what it's like on this side
so I'm kind I'm glad I'm glad you guys
like this this is a good lesson for
people it's and it's tough because you
want that work I didn't scare the theory
off tonight Oh God very rich I know I
know the first priority and I completely
a whiffed
a whiffed jack the worst is ideas guys
they listen that's a whole different
situation my friend is dealing with
people's marketing departments and idea
guys and there's there's a whole world
of pain when you are a freelancer in the
creative field but there's some fun too
so no usually what I'll tell people is
this they'll say like hey you know you
want to reduce right now I'll just say
no you know like no I don't do reduce
rate at you know these are the amount of
hours I will then give them some
suggestions of like oh well you know
maybe if we do a B and C with the video
we can take those hours down you know
like oh you want a lot of animated text
work yeah that takes a lot of time to
animate if you don't want that then we
can reduce the hours and I can get you a
cheaper video oh I really want that
animated text work though well so
there's things you can do haggling and
whatnot but oh it's not yeah sometimes
it's just rough but it's all fun work
but and by the way that's that's the the
other fun of it is if you ever give them
a discounted rate that's the rate
they'll expect I almost left without
cooking Jack I I would have I had my own
yeah I was I was about to yeah because I
kept seeing you like head towards that
exit I was ready to yell so what are
some of the strangest videos I've done
for a job back in the day I was working
with should I even tell these stories
well I'm trying I'm trying on so I'm
trying to think of contracts I've had
with people and whether I can share
these stories without okay
I can't here's an actual story of
freelancing okay and this is a big
regret of mine I should have walked out
at exactly this moment yeah I won't tell
you the company it was but this this
company wanted a viral video and you
know that's part of part of my thing is
I can I can get you a lot of hits on
your video and they weren't quite
comfortable with my concept my concept
was a little too out there for them yeah
but I said I you know this is what I
really think this is gonna work and you
know they said they said they weren't
really comfortable with it and what I
ended up doing was filming it anyway
I said this is such a funny idea I will
use this footage somewhere no matter
what so I was comfortable just taking
the day filming it for myself
and I put a ton of work into it and I
actually I've really enjoyed this video
you guys haven't seen it but maybe one
day I'll be able to recut it into
something and so I scheduled another
meeting with him I said I want to tell
you something I just made this video and
if you want it I can put your branding
on it but if you don't want it that's
fine I just want to show it to you okay
and and this person said no problem so I
came in I showed him the video
and he laughed his ass off yeah he was
like this is the weirdest thing ever
stuff but I love you called people under
the look everybody like this call people
into the office everybody's on the floor
rolling laughing yeah went over like
gangbusters okay you and stole the idea
no no no oh by the way that's a normal
story so he said that's that would be
fine no this is where it gets weird is
you know he loves it we we come to terms
with how much he's gonna pay for the
video he gets out his checkbook and he
writes me a check after we get the
contract stuff worried about right yeah
then he opens up his desk drawer and
pulls out a gun I am not joking
whatsoever this man pulls out a fight we
are in an office in a but we are in a
real office building
with an office he takes out a gun and he
puts it on the desk why a real firearm
because he's some sort of like macho
bullshit guy and so his whole thing was
like I want to let you know like you
don't fuck it was like I don't fuck with
me moment it was very very real and I
think part of it was jokey where he was
like haha don't fuck with me I have a
gun was mob one no it was not mob run he
was a legitimate he was a legitimate
business person but at that point like
if I were able to go back in time I
would have said you know what I'm not
dealing with this and you can't have the
video and I'm done take a check back
yeah because that would have been the
smart call because that's an it clearly
an unstable person could I have called
HR he was the owner of the company I
believe there was AI I think it was a it
was this macho I I can't even I can't
even properly explain to it like you
what his motivation was but he laid a
loaded firearm on the table with I want
to let you know like you're in business
with me now and I don't you know like
don't fuck me over or whatever and I was
like dude I made you a funny video I
made you a funny video for your thing
and like I'm not a person who's
uncomfortable around firearms but when
you take a gun out of your desk and lay
it down and say don't fuck me yeah yeah
I get very uncomfortable so that is by
far the strangest thing that has ever
happened to me as a freelancer I just
got a bunch of crap weapons from that oh
well yeah how do I know it was loaded
a good question I don't I just assumed
it was I just assumed I guess this one
over here I might get something out of
this oh yeah don't forget about that
so was the video a viral sensation
obviously you guys have not seen it so
it was not but also I I don't believe it
was the other part of that is it wasn't
up for very long in order for a
videotape why'd you get travelers
Claymore traveler sword no oh thank you
to 6 Delta I always assume the gun is
loaded that's true that's the true thing
the the video ended up not going viral
so something that I pull out a gun on
you after the video didn't go viral no I
never I never met with him ever again I
I emailed and talked to him but I never
went into his own yeah I did male
talking I was very very professional
though I do wish I I wish I had the guts
just to say you know what no you're
acting you're acting inappropriately I
wish I had the guts to yeah but uh
something about viral videos is they do
I think at least that they need to get
their views organically like you know
people find videos and they go viral
very naturally
and I don't think he gave it the time to
go viral I do think it absolutely had
the potential to go viral but I don't
think he gave it time he took it down he
got nervous he got nervous with his
branding and took it down after like a
week and a half and he got it got decent
views in a week and a half but it never
it never hit that it never hit its
stride it never found
yeah the audience that started to share
him isn't there something inherently
difficult about making something go
viral
artificially absolutely but that's the
the pros and cons of viral videos is he
put something out there you you try to
nobody said it was easy right you try to
share with the right people hopefully
like someone picks up on it and you know
goes to read it or it goes to you know
Twitter or it goes it goes somewhere
where someone picks up on it what that
guy did was illegal you can't intimidate
someone with a weapon even implicitly oh
I know I wasn't about to tell him that
though as he pulled a gun out on me
did you miss oh oh I see what you're
doing
saving arrows we had a few no good good
college you did you did well I just I
wasn't yeah I wasn't on your
thought-trend
but you know the other thing with the
other thing with viral videos is you
never know when they're going to go
viral if you know if you make something
you can't push it you can never push the
video out there and sometimes it takes
months for people to find it and this is
a conversation when I talked with
clients about viral videos that I have
with them like hey there there are some
videos that have been online for nice
hit nice hit there rich where you know
there are some videos that have been
online for a year and haven't hit and
then one day they will you can never
guess when it's going to go viral
did you bring a leaf this time heading
oh you know what I didn't bomb the tree
so I didn't get one okay yeah you know
what we'll do exactly what we did last
time was it worked no my reason to vape
videos weren't my viral videos those are
just straight commercials there's
nothing there's nothing viral about
those there they're just straight
product commercials that's the other
balancing act with creating something
that's viral is it has to be more
entertaining than product play C which
is bi which is why by the way you see a
lot less companies trying to make viral
videos because a lot of companies
discovered that their video getting
millions of views don't necessarily
translate into people buying their
products so my reason to vape videos
which I think are very nice are just
straight-up commercials but they're good
I like those I liked my reason no reason
to vape you missed a video that you did
well you know I get to work with Timmy I
got so you know we got to write some fun
little sketches got like the hi-5 videos
the hi-5 videos though that those are
viral sensations a bowling trickshot
video that's another good one we did
there the real-life Angry Birds that
that got a ton of views the the past
maybe R videos that's the that's the the
big the big ones that was commercial and
viral does jack vape no Jack does not
baby
stop saying viral I will not stop saying
viral Laurel that's true but the past
wait beer videos still continue to
actually go viral to this day people
have made gifts and I see the gifts on
the front page of Reddit at least once
every couple of months
people people keep sharing those which
is great
quick question I saw an older best of
the worst video and you guys are
drinking forth tap I live in Austin and
love the brewery and just wondered how
did it get to Milwaukee Oh was i
drinking it or were we drinking it and
you are drinking fourth tab I might have
bought it here someone might have sent
it to us I don't know I don't know what
Angry Bird video the one from Rooster
Teeth
I don't know I did a video a while back
that got decent numbers called real-life
Angry Birds and my brother and I built a
giant slingshot and recreated some angry
Birds levels and used a bowling ball in
the slingshot to knock them down and you
know a buddy of mine put the animations
on it and we put all the sound effects
on it was really neat it should be on
YouTube but it might just be on Funny or
Die so my friend designed for theps logo
and did their branding Oh neat I don't
remember that beer specifically but I
might be good this was back when Angry
Birds was a big deal number Angry Birds
yep that was everywhere they made a
movie out of that they made a movie out
of that app
perfect perfect rich in antioxidants
says Star Trek bridge crew is getting
next-generation DLC will you guys
finally play it with Mike and maybe Jay
absolutely it's gonna happen next trip
you can talk them into it I don't think
you can Oh Mike doesn't mike doesn't
like coming on the street if you're new
to the stream you should know that
that's incredible sarcasm see the way
you said that though it sounded uh it
sounds like I gotta run away you see it
sounded what I gotta wear I can learn
from the thing reverencing right yes you
trying to kill me I need to row away no
run away Mike's not coming downstream
we're probably not gonna play Star Trek
Briggs just emulator
Oh Holly rasa is the one who sent us the
fourth tap beer Thank You Ali Rosa we
appreciate that
that's right Jay was in the first pass
me a beer video Jay and Jesse were were
my elevator extras we shot that at the
old studio because there was there was
an elevator that we could use for the
final pass didn't didn't don't do it
dududududu where'd it go
who am the the big sword he dropped him
where to go fall in lava and I fall in
lava which would suck that would that
does suck my frequently sighs
dude did it do true-blue reviews hey
guys I've been watching some Nicolas
Cage movies this week and I'm shocked at
his career which of his movies are your
favorites I am in awe of how amazing
vampires kiss and Bad Lieutenant are
I've heard really good things about Bad
Lieutenant I have not seen it that man's
been in a lot of movies the most
wonderful thing about Nicolas Cage is no
matter the role he gives a hundred and
ten percent
no matter the movie no matter the role
he is in it to win it even if it's weird
even if he's over the top he has no what
am I trying to say here where you're
like well you don't want to do anything
that embarrasses you shame he has no
shame I'm not shame inhibitions
he has no no inhibitions would fit to
that fits ego maybe no ego like he
probably has an ego you know what to
shape Dignan no not dignity uh what I'm
saying is he is he doesn't he's not
afraid to have himself look foolish
because he gives himself over to a role
so completely and I love that about
Nicolas Cage even though sometimes he's
just he's just bad but that's great
faint praise that's know he's great I
love Nicolas Cage I think I think no
horrible but he he gives it his all 110%
all the time i I think face off is a
movie that very few people give credit
for being absolutely amazing
faceoff is absolutely amazing and it's
the best all the time it's it's the best
all the time
slow motion doves everywhere John
Travolta Nicolas Cage just just shoving
every bit of scenery into their face
it's the most into their different faces
my face off rooo it has a boat chase at
the end of just because it needs a boat
raised it's great it's so great you
would love face-off jack says the ghost
of Nick I would and I do
I am unashamed of my love of faceoff
love it I'm gonna take his face Oh glory
it's just glorious just glorious
which is better the rock face off or
Conair the answer is yes the real answer
is face off for this is me this is how
I'm gonna do it face off the rock Conair
face off one the rock to connor three
that's how I would do it but if you give
any other arrangement that's a correct
answer as well I'm not I ain't hatin on
anyone but it's just the air vents right
yeah that's just the air vents I agree I
remember you remember I agree remember I
remember those just airs he was he was
good and he's just good in everything he
is good in everything and then he can
also like do restrained and serious like
it like him in adaptation
he's just low-key and serious and
restraint and and it's he's just he's a
really good actor but then he's also in
faceoff he's the best we're gonna steal
the Declaration of Independence it's in
the head of Mount Rushmore national
treasure
it's just now he can pull it off
anything that man can do anything
remember The DaVinci Code let's do that
but patriotic and put them but dumb and
he fuck yes fuck yes so patriotic
commit sin 120 says Jack enriched I am
the one that bought you roller Gator and
all I can say is your guest on best of
the worst was not lying
it is great a true master piece of shit
esker more often night also please play
Dark Souls in a few weeks I scared
that's right did you miss the ferry do
you still have a favorite I got two down
total okay well that's something well
thank you for roller Gator I think we
watched like a minute of it thank you
for rolling are you sure that's thing
you want to do do you really want to
thank somebody listen to anything you
said thank you you know we just so I
appreciate people sending things that's
all that's a very nice gesture but
roller Gator is we pop that on if we
took a peek at it took a peek at it and
I think I'm pretty happy we didn't watch
it yeah I think that might have made the
night pretty miserable interesting is
what I'll give you interesting atomic
mousetrap says imagine a power drill
that runs on circus music imagine it's
pressed to your temple anyway can't wait
for you guys to watch roller Gator oh we
haven't green yeah yeah our green screen
is kind of fucked what's gonna happen or
just turn the camera off ik is more
distracting if it's very distracting we
can just turn the camera right off if
that's what you guys would like or I can
just keep futzing with it when though
it's very bad well then I fix it
alright I'll fix it I can just keep
futzing with it whenever the world
changes and the level changes
they're saying we're very pretty so they
want to keep watching this why can't you
fix it we've talked about this it's
every time the scene changes in breath
of the wild so next when he goes to the
next world which is what's next no world
yeah so when he goes to Snow world it
will be a very blue light coming off of
that so then I will have to go in and
fix it again which is fine
well fine hold off from cooking that
banana until I have more things to cook
with it yeah I'm gonna strategize that
yeah have you ever legitimately liked a
movie on best of the worst
of course the pit really the pit Extro
has some issues but ultimately I like
the pit oh yeah the pit was really
interesting and a bro thunderpants I
didn't get to see that one I bet that's
good it's legit good I'd even put
something like like Faust up there as
something new and Jane your weird shit
Faust Faust was legit flipping a little
bit hold on well you keep I am I'm just
got foots it depends on what's going on
in the game what what right what the TV
is doing to our lighting right now
there's an intense blue light coming on
to us so that's gonna change how this
reacts but I have I have an idea to fix
it good I have I have an idea so I'm
going to start putting something
together
the desolation of Faust right so ya know
there's there's been there's been
legitimate good finds in there not many
not many but the pit oh that would the
you know something you know we talk
about all the time about like you know
remaking the bad movies into a good ones
like the pit is right up there you could
make something legitimately good out of
that out of that structure turn the pit
it back into a metaphor get rid of some
of if you get rid of some of the jokes
obviously that's what made it
interesting to watch but you could make
a legitimately good horror movie out of
the pit yeah so
or put in more jokes say we're talking
about making it a legitimately good
movie though we're talking about one
making it a legitimately good movie so
you wouldn't put in more jokes if you're
trying to make it a legitimately good
yeah your film if you turn the pit back
into a metaphor get rid of all of the
slapstick there is a legitimately good
horror film in the pit mm-hmm absolutely
a decent rewrite and and take that pit
as metaphor seriously and you got
yourself a heck of a movie I could see
that I could absolutely see then there'd
be that's good remake potential and
horrors making a big comeback right now
so if any of y'all screenwriters out
there you know want a really easy sales
pitch based off of a you know obscure
but you know it's a slightly
recognizable old b-movie you know easy
horror Trobe filming somewhere in the
Midwest boom you got you got
hunchback jack is tipping while they
still can thank you hunchback jab I will
look into into stream Labs tipping
capabilities if if that can be easier
for oh my god rich oh I was ready for
you to blow yourself up I was absolutely
ready for you to blow yourself up nice
Blum house would give you guys about two
million yeah and that's exactly like you
can make that movie for for around two
million get a get a arty-farty
cinematographer and director on that
yeah you're good to go
there's something in there man there's
something in the pit if only we knew a
semi-famous screenwriter who specialized
in low-budget horror who is probably
currently working huh I can only assume
he went back Tyler wouldn't was just
like I got this Simon's got this
you'd have a hard time getting as good a
child actor as that kids if that is true
that kid was great that kid he was good
do you find other kids good for the role
oh that might be V that might be the
most difficult part though is like
finding that kid that's just right how
hard did Mike and J look for the
original pit we did we did a lot of
research it was it was a lot it was
pretty easy to find some of the
landmarks in Beaver Dam Wisconsin but
rumor has it that the pit was actually
shot somewhere else in Wisconsin and
it's not a naturally-occurring pit they
dug the pit for the movie and then
filled it back up so the pit no longer
exists unfortunately but also parts of
the movie were filmed in different parts
of Wisconsin but you know finding the
finding the some of the original
landmarks was was fairly easy
okay
but I was in that fashion
why was Jack a cat and the God of War
episode some camera issues and my
footage was unusable and out of focus so
I film biscuit and I thought that was
the best way to handle the situation is
rich talking to biscuit and I think it
worked out pretty darn well pretty Dern
well they patch this so campfires melt
the ice faster I don't know I remember
this taking forever even with the
campfire going that's a great question
why didn't you just show more the game I
did I use a lot more game footage but
you can't only show game and me right
that would that would be weird and
distracting if it was only rich and the
game footage whenever I was talking it
would have been horribly distracting had
I used my footage and had it been out of
focus the other option would be just to
use rich and the wide angle so like you
know you cut too rich for the close-up
and then cut to the 2-shot whenever I
talk that would have looked off to so
there you know obviously a lot of
different options a lot of different
ways to handle the situation biscuit
just worked
but why though because I was out of
focus because the camera clenched my
camera autofocus glitched out on me and
and I was out of focus am I worried that
biscuit will usurp my role on previously
recorded absolutely absolutely I know
people loved it they loved looking at
this kid and he's a great cat to look at
he's beautiful he's a beautiful cat I'm
not gonna deny that biscuit is a
beautiful cat to look at whatever you
want Jack it's fine live in denial yeah
yeah that's what you get for hacking
your camera nope that was not my hacked
camera my hacks cameras Rich's camera
which by the way looks extra sharp this
time I don't know what it was I don't
know what it was but your ear your angle
looked extra sharp mine was my camera
was my brand new GH 5 which I have since
found out has had some autofocus issues
people have complained about the
autofocus so that no that was my unhak
GH 5 and I have since found a nice
workaround to use manual focus and get
around the whole autofocus issue isn't
there another game you all plan to play
like what you know there's really no
meaning around a battle tech but mm-hmm
but you got to play that at home and get
comfortable with it before you but yeah
I want to play them the first time on
stream yeah that were played Pikachu
today we that was the plan
we did play Pikachu today and then we
made the correct decision to stop
playing Pikachu
actually yeah I was talking to Richard
about this earlier I might have
mentioned this early I forget but uh oh
he definitely sees you I actually think
I'm ready to to play a little more God
of War now that I'm done with the story
I think now that you panned it I I had
some criticisms of it but you know ups
and downs now that I'm done with the
story elements I think I'm gonna like
everything else they're just combat and
the treasure hunting and fucking around
I think that's the part of the game I
like now that I've calmed down about the
whole story thing now that you pretended
to hate it for ratings I disliked a lot
of the story elements and I'm done with
the story elements we have never
pretended to hate something for ratings
never ever never ever I had what I feel
to be valid criticisms but now that I'm
done with the story which I hated it's
just the combat which if you remember
the entire first 15 minutes of the video
is dedicated to rich and I gushing about
how much we loved the combat just IO
tripping over our saliva about how much
we loved the combat you can do it right
slow and steady
you schmuck
yes Kip 99 this is the DLC Master Sword
trial and this is the final master
social this is the big one oh my god he
picks up the ha ha ha ha
dingus hey this is the the Master Sword
trial is three parts and this is the
third hardest part save that
fall off the thing come on oh nice dodge
rich well played well played well played
sir well played sir am I the only one on
the planet who did not take my son back
to fry up I just saw that hat
hello grass also tried to take a tray us
back to Freya after he got sick I can't
even everyone's doing it in here I can't
even fathom why somebody would write
that's a different experience that's the
that's the joy of the art of gaming
riches it's unique to everyone it's is
their cinematic winner your story and
the compass is telling gonna go the
other way
common sense would dictate you have to
wait until the kid really get sick
before the game wants you to go back to
what's-her-face
I see a lot of people saying that they
agree with you rich and I see some
people saying I almost did but then you
know thought about it for a second
that's fair that's fair
let's see here sorry chances oh man rich
if you ever get to it you need to do the
champions ballad boss on stream yeah I
will so be there alright alright
random question of the day did you ever
get your 3ds back back are they talking
about the one you sent away for this for
Pikachu oh that might be it well we're
using it earlier yeah we were using it
earlier yeah cuz that was the one that I
ordered and it took I mean what it took
eight months it took something like
eight to ten months for them to mod a
3ds for me that's how that's how pushed
back they were all right listen we've
learned just killed this dork first okay
I see the one that killed you last name
yeah boom
kill them done levels over rich beat the
whole thing and also I believe the whole
the whole last the whole last temple and
boss yes that would be a great stream
that's a fun temple and boss that would
be that would be a great thing to stream
you could always finish Phoenix right at
some point Jack mods game consoles I
have a problem with piracy not with
modding why do they make sit-up I have
no problem with modding whatsoever and
the the console is only modded so I can
plug in a USB port so I can plug in a
USB cable and record video in case we
ever want to do a 3ds game for review or
streaming he's got nothing
he's got nothing on you're rich alright
this is going much better this time yes
yes it is much better oh that's gonna be
a problem he's he's got he's got some
powerful arrows so let's let's take care
of the flying guy first yeah let's not
be stupid take your time take your time
I think that's kind of a no-brainer rich
what would you mod yourself with
cybernetic enhancements if they were
available sure won't happen absolutely
yeah that feels like a no-brainer that's
an absolutely I could be a nossa I could
have awesome robot powers sign me up
sign me up
you made it easy
haha don't even worry about aiming rich
you're fine just pop up right in front
of you
oh we have to easy kill from behind here
- all right everything's coming up
millhouse well there you go
I want jet pack legs fuck yeah the
Bionic arms eyes that can see more
things eyes that could zoom in oh fuck
yeah give me some give me some robot
eyes see different color spectrums zoom
in have you know have some sort of
heads-up display built into your
eyeballs that'd be great fuck yeah give
me all of it all of it
extend-o-arms that would be great all
the things give me all the things as
someone who has you know somewhat bad
eyes give me better eyes give me give me
awesome eagle eyes I love that
oh just a robot heart like I'm not like
others matter like like a sophisticated
futuristic robot heart some that won't
break down over to Sun them all so yeah
so I'm gonna let you live longer nice I
like that yeah that's that's a good
thought that's a good thought all right
I have to fight this guy Oh
however will you do that oh my god that
rocks a thing oh it's an ice monster
rich nope welcome it would help if you
didn't whiff well apparently the jump
strike doesn't send out fireballs like I
thought it would
all this don't smasher you can get this
one go look at that ah boom done
but and nice robot lungs that oxidize
your blood extremely efficiently you so
you never get tired
you give me robot everything I'm gonna
live a million years right just put my
put my brain in a big old robot there
you go I'm down I'm down turn the brain
into a robot fuckin fuck it whatever you
can do yeah fuck it who wants to live
forever me me we all we all do in fact
we're all good with that what the option
to solve terminate if I ever get bored
yeah he's done let me live as long as I
would like to live our lives River say
that your death pen fucking night you
know what forever
obviously like everything breaks down
eventually give me just give me an extra
hundred years how about that Shh sure
sure live to 200 how about that oh boy
is gonna be tough this is gonna be when
he just starts off facing you right away
super tough super tough
what ancient eras kill him on one hit I
actually did not know that about - is
that sure about all Lionel's I've been
fighting them like a like a goddamned
chump rich oh I didn't even know I
thought they only worked on the on the
centuries oh I get no loot if I use an
aged ear I know that but under the
circumstances I just wanna I want to get
by without losing a ton of health yeah
for the try like you know in in the the
real game you might want that nice sword
but in the trials you're just trying to
get through mm-hm
and while it might be nice to have the
Lionel sword and shield and bow you
don't need it
you don't need it
you did it rich you got the fairies oh
and a royal broadsword nice
what's garbage you also have a frost
wand and a frost sword yeah you know
there's room you got room you got room
frost swords good though I might get rid
of that oh yeah I'm just saying you know
you get double you got em you have to
frost things no for what's coming up
it's maybe yam I know I don't know
what's coming up so you know oh and and
it doesn't matter you don't you don't
need to ditch one Chuck Fox says hey
Jack did you get that email I sent you
about Jesus may the Gees be with you I
did Chuck Fox I've been I've been super
swamped over the weekend trying to get
the episode edited so I haven't replied
to my inbox at the moment is currently
fucked
and so I I did get it I will get back to
thank you so much Chuck Fox prettied up
our geez emote yeah which I really
appreciate I will I will catch up with
everything in for the rest of the week
catch up with all my emails when when I
get busy that's the very first thing
that I just ignore is emails like
anything important someone will call me
some you know anything important they
know my phone number so they'll call me
if they really need anything right eat
fuck emails they can go away I got five
ferries which probably gonna need them
so what's your coming up on the final
leg here yeah I'm actually gonna need a
little bit of quiet you you tell me when
you need quiet and I will give you that
quiet too busy for Christ too busy for
Christ absolutely no but I really
appreciate that Jack thank you
my jackets busy
well you know like a lot of times you
know we talked about you know
freelancing and stress and creative work
and you you have to know what you can
give up what you can do without when you
are really focusing on something and for
me the very first thing is emails even
even if it's a client like even if it's
a client and they say oh hey I want
these changes made they can wait because
if it's super important they'll call me
and say I need these now emails can
always wait well for me at least you
know it's different for everyone but I
know I've got eight eight ancient arrows
but there's some shit coming up I could
only imagine this is the final leg of
the hardest yeah Master Sword challenge
so Anonymous has random facts for you to
use the 19th century circuses used to
have a side show called big faced lady
half pig half woman the lady was really
a bear of a got drunk shaved and then
put a dress on that's great that's great
to know
that's great to know Thanks anonymous
thanks and out of this David in oh
people says hey you guys David in Oh
people here you guys should play in
justice too
it's the perfect time since you guys did
a God of War review uh yeah yeah we
could do justice to soon that would have
been a good that would've been another
good game to play today although it
would have taken forever to download
maybe next room I'm okay with injustice
- oh yeah yeah yeah I'm okay playing
more injustice
maybe next time yeah that was that was a
silly fun stream the injustice stream so
I'm okay with that go through the story
mode again see how ridiculous they get
right I need a quiet Oh any quiet how
about you how about you focus on the
damn Guardian
one
the light
Oh fuckin oh that hurt
this is the part this is the part I was
terrified of sure sure yeah this is
intense and like you said you could use
an arrow to take him out boss there's
like 18 of them in this world right nice
nicely done
all right this is the hardest thing in
the whole challenge
yeah balancing all of them shooting at
you nicely done nicely done three in a
row nicely done there right thanks again
who think I think I think it gets I
think it gets considerably easier from
right out well that one where the three
of them had you targeted all at once
that was insane but well done
you handled that you handled that
professionally and he get a nice new
shield out of it alright to have any
moderate healing items that aren't now I
don't have anything that's not gonna
ruin my two minutes of defense boot not
just yeah an equal defense boost yeah
mad laser strats absolutely absolutely I
got the defense boost I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna blow all my ancient arrows at
once we're taking a little bit a little
bit slow oh no you got a walkie one now
uh-huh just one walkie one to start with
yeah well that's fine you can deal with
it you can deal with one walkie one with
no with no or with just a shield that's
fine fine you fucker activate activate
witness me
focus on the eye
fuck it
that was weird that it wasn't locking on
to him yeah like why would I want to
turn around the mid situation game
there's a horse in the corner what does
that mean I mean this is a horse in the
corner you can go right a horse in this
one you can fight him on horseback yeah
no hmm interesting is there any treasure
ah I think I'm good okay okay even if
there is I think I'm good from here on
out okay good good
please focus on the target yeah that's
that's all risk rich was asking there's
just hey how about how about you focus
on the thing that's attacking me that
would be nice
we thank you hack about I actually do
need to remember to buy eggs today thank
you
that is a thing I need to do valid
bullshot says it seems weird to me that
kratos could kill or into stealing
silence I'm good for the moment okay I
figured you were climbing sideman yeah
yeah it seems weird to me that kratos
could kill hundreds of enemies at once
in the previous god of war games yet now
only a handful of Dark Elves gives him
an issue age shouldn't matter he's a god
I think age does matter to God you know
in this universe at least once you once
you start once you start applying any
sort of realistic logic to God's doesn't
really matter
like come on you hurt yourself yeah
worth it oh yeah how do I eat my eggs I
make I make a little simple scramble in
the morning with with chopped spinach
lentils and then I crack three eggs into
it and mix it all up and turn it into
like a like well my big chunk a big egg
chunk so I do a simple scramble in the
morning that's easiest sometimes I'll do
hard-boiled but that just takes extra
time
I was fully prepared for you too with
that yes nice job fuck you nice what I'm
saying is you did a good job rich I
fully expected you to suck I did no I
meant that is a good way we've all right
let's switch to a woman that's not gonna
burn no first first things first let's
do smert no that's a good smirk
that's a good smart I have shield
equipped yep take a little et good
burner shield it's fine too early too
early good call good call eat something
a balloon da the Biddeford bobbidi boo
but the vomit boom boo-boom boo-boom but
abomination arrows fire lentils mr. Joe
Joseph's lentils take 40 minutes to cook
that's true
so I make one batch of lentils one big
batch of lentils that last me like a
week and a half
oh he's at their house so what the fuck
I thought you were done with this I
thought you're done with this level so
like every week and a half two weeks I
make one mega batch of lentils put them
in the refrigerator take a few scoops
every day this is like four big scoops
of lentils a half a frozen bag of
chopped spinach put that in a skillet
with some olive oil some salt some
pepper some cayenne pepper give it a
little spice if I'm feeling extra spicy
maybe a little sriracha cook that up
till it gets all brown and delicious and
then crack three eggs on top and mix it
all up maybe add a sprig of salsa on top
of that it's a great breakfast great
breakfast my first we have three five
we're good I think I think we got it I'm
gonna say 100% I've got it
100% is this the last level no oh
gobble-gobble
how's the dive been going off it for for
some time but I'm I'm just back on this
week what an idiot
really
what is this health bar did that do it
that's it no no
there you go there another one is that
it that's it that's it that a mama a
peas carrots and corn covered in eggs
wrapped in a burrito that'd be very
tasty
that would be quite tasty there's lots
of things to do there's lots of things
to do what do I have equipped how much
chump what though do you have equipped
26 I got a 38 pouf available and if you
only have a couple more on floors left
to equip your best yeah equip your best
hey you should matter he's got well and
remember family bloodshot like it's a
with Kratos and being able to kill
hundreds of enemies here and only a
handful here it's that's gaming and
storytelling you know that's fine that's
general bullshit where it's like how
come he can do one thing here but not
the other thing how come how come fan
OHS you know has it gets the magic love
and wants to you know kill everybody
couldn't he use the magic love just to
make enough resources well sure he could
but that's just the story like it's you
know don't don't let logic get too deep
into it what was the first CD I ever
bought flood came up in Jones I saw that
Tiny Toons episode and knew I needed it
that was the first compact disc this guy
ever bought after watching the title to
Tiny Toons might be the first time I
ever heard of they might be giants
probably was hmm
that was my ax that was my first time
hearing them I think this is it
one more a brigo they might be James was
on Tiny Toons they had an entire episode
dedicated to theme like was it an entire
episode or was it every now and then
they had a skit nicely done nicely done
oh that's just smart rich these poor
confused horses
that's just Martin you just handled that
well thank you I just remember the
episode of like if they were music
videos and I feel like there were all
they might be giant it is because
they're good of it might have edited one
that was just all of those bits but I
thought it was just every now and then
they did one I guess I
it's fine it's fine fine fine you're
fine you're absolutely fine but kind of
a whiff why do I got to be fine I see
the only Guardian left is that it does
that hidden I'm such a fuckin pearl
you're such a pro yeah guys they did
Istanbul and particle man on Tiny Toons
and after hearing those songs I was
obsessed with Vey Might Be Giants so I
immediately went out and I was looking
through their albums and flood had both
of those songs on I said this must be
the greatest album in the world and it's
true it was it absolutely was and flood
turned out to be the greatest and then
you know you play flood and after that
little intro are you doing I'm trying to
throw it won't let me throw it really
throw all of your weapons away rich you
won't need them anymore you fell out you
fell off rich buddy - I don't know I
don't need any of this shit fuck it all
fuck it all I can all go to the void
would that be neat if there was if there
was something here if you did if you
sacrificed all your weapons before
receiving your award Jack Jack I can't I
can't get rid of the boomerang well you
drive oh okay
I worked oh my god I got so much shit I
don't even use these nice royal swords
yeah now you go to the thing to get to
get your final master sword upgrade and
they're like ascend to the final boss oh
is this the ROM no this is the switch
version no I'm reluctant to stream the
emulated version as much as I like
playing around with the mods and whatnot
I don't want to get our gaming channel
there killed because I wanted to play an
emulated version of best of them a
breath of the wild there might be some
legality issues I'm not sure actually to
be to be honest I am Not sure but why
risk it so you have a shitty thing to do
to you
to me yeah oh just because I don't like
emulator or gaming channel because
twitch twitch got really pissed because
then sure they decided to crack down
because sure well no then I'd have
something just to hold over your head
for the rest of your life I'm not gonna
give you that wait can you drop your
arrows I don't think so
double check
no no you cannot okay you've dropped
everything you can but you can't drop
your clothes and you can't trap your now
let's see if there's a super-secret
special ending for dropping all of hey
hey I highly doubt it
yes Norma Donald's you internet flick
show I see oh that's me I just read that
in the champion you might be complete
fiction something you heard someone the
definition of hearsay chit chat
literally lies to us all the time yeah
all the time came just in time to catch
spoilers Oh what for breath of the wild
or for Tiny Toons we gave you some tiny
toy the spoiler is you can beat the
trial of the master sword I'm sorry to
spoil that for you it might have been
completely unbeatable that's it I did a
fucker so now your master sword is crazy
super powerful all the time yeah that's
great
that's great that's great hey
congratulations rich and by the way that
was your second time beating the mega
trial yeah cuz you already beat it once
you did it why did the first two on
stream third one afterwards but go back
and redo it yeah doing master cycle next
oh hey don't hit him fuckin you know
here that's for disappearing on me every
now and then oh let's see here we got a
talent och who says thanks for all the
hours of entertainment you've given me I
guess that's worth about five bucks
Thank You Dominic proud hand it says hey
guys you're still planning a The Secret
of Monkey Island Stream I'm looking
forward to hearing you do the voices for
it there's no official plan there's just
yeah we're okay with it we're okay doing
a Monkey Island stream our plans are
what do you feel like streaming tonight
I don't know let's see that's usually
our plan if you like playing anything
and maybe I could do this what happens
when that inevitably fails I don't know
we'll figure it out and all that shit
I'm not reading then your tip thank you
for your tip I appreciate that keep us
Ness classic around I do have the I did
get the Super Nintendo and T plus the
the Super Nintendo with the HDMI out so
that's it's really nice everything looks
really pretty on them yeah everything
looks really pretty on it so it'll be
really easy for us to stream Super
Nintendo games if we ever felt like it
or for me just to plant them at home
which I have been it's been great
no more anonymous tips when using bits
that's true well I'm gonna take a look
in through stream Labs tipping
procedures all right and we're all
caught up all right we are all caught up
find a cool pose for link to hang out in
that's good that's good enough
hold on we go into selfie mode where so
where's Deku into the Deku Tree get a
view some sort let me see your face
is that the good selfie spot all right
even in the game I don't know how to
take a fucking selfie so go into your
camera and then put press X 4 cell press
press X there we go there we go
I think Canada keeps getting X&Y; reverse
sir not looking
he changed the expression the the left
and right and up I think or I'm sorry
the joystick but you got to turn around
if you wanted a country behind you right
good shot really it's great that's good
enough for me great all right so now is
the point in the stream in which we
thank all of the lovely people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like of which is fixing because
it's motion you know it's motion
controls are you doing I'm just oh if
you if you put away here yeah then you
won't get the thing sure I said twin
dragon encounter has never been picked
you know that's that was an early movie
that I bought that I was really excited
to share with everyone
no he's have a bow attached oh wait no
he's thinking there we go okay ah so uh
thank all the people who described
minutes during this chat much like
Wolfington one two three look at Jones
Euler's number four twenty two fucking
months in a row Brown Adam Sandler for
16 months
Adam AG this new subscriber for 25
fucking months in a row says
pika P is a Curos thread water
mccords Nick for thirty four fucking
months in a row don't think there's an
armored macaws Nick you are correct what
timing how weird one timing my cosmic
what did you do
you're saying his name wrong enraged him
and incited the Blood Moon macaws nick
says almost three years if I were better
about remembering to reapply twitch
prime sub it probably would be three
years we had a star Horrible's for 35
fucking months in a row
who said I just realized next month is
my 36 month prereq resub but I turned 37
years old one week before that's so
close to matching up by the way you guys
Rock Tsar reason Haram Haram the one who
says far Fuli load 'm for 17 months in a
row who says inching closer to a year
and a half star to valleys pc
multiplayer beta is here and i can only
ask why what am i evil think you need
multiplayer the guy who made stardew
valley didn't even want to fucking do it
what am I not getting about that what's
the point of multiplayer you don't get
it either
by the way I totally don't fucking get
it I like multiplayer games and I don't
get why you would want that in stardew
valley but the stardew valley is a one
reason is a Zen thing there's one reason
okay you have a girlfriend who likes
tartar valley and she wants to get
married to you in the stardew valley
that is the one and only reason is there
local cooperative my Tomi
what else well you mean you could be
play from two different places
right but what abut if well and I know
you don't look into it you would know
this is so this is more of a question
for the chat is is there a way to couch
co-op stardew valley because then that
would make sense like oh yeah me and my
me and my girlfriend we really like it
we'll sit on the couch and you know
played the stardew valley and hang out
together I could see I could see that
but I can't imagine couch co-op working
and start devalued have to share a
screen I'm very very sorry what you
could you could just ignore it I mean I
don't get it either but I don't go hey I
must start doing having it doesn't it
doesn't infuriate me I'm for people who
want it yeah it just doesn't make any
sense yeah I don't get it yeah
terney Mac yeah sam serious dude gaming
unicorn who says just wanted to say that
I thought you guys came up with a very
creative solution for the prereq app so
good job anyways I automatically dislike
god of war because it doesn't feature
Loki fucking a horse like in the
original lore seriously look at up Oh
but by the way I did like I looked up
like they have like trees family trees
or for Norse mythology there are several
horses on there it's not just one horse
there's a lot of horse fuckers mythology
you know fine fine John Baum Tony let's
go when I lost myself um Doug 444
motherfucking months in a row says
before the camera and the green screen
before the overlay before Neil Breen
comics and movies is all they had to say
goddamn that's all they still talk about
today you guys rock it all is okay but
Jesus Christ
I miss Jade Oh was a nice time that was
a very nice rhyme poetry I didn't catch
on
I'm just dumb yeah that's great
dumb beverage the door silly ow d
Patrick oh I think Patrick oh but Rinku
Petrenko Petrenko clone two seven two
seven four twenty six fucking months in
a row who says Jack you should really
watch ts9 Star Trek Deep Space nine I
assume yeah I was skeptical at first too
but it's really fantastic it's enough
Trek that you'd probably like it it's
good it is good you know what I I I'm
not adverse to giving it a try right now
there's a lot of shows on my palate I'm
not my palate there's a lot of shows on
the plate Deep Space 9 was them trying
to find their own identity outside of
the next generation and that's something
that Voyager was never able to do that's
true
that's right now I'm not adverse to it I
just you know right now I'm starting up
other shows I just the wife and I just
started binging Atlanta and have been
really enjoying that so there's just too
much there's too much but I'm not
adverse to deep space 9 okay humberto
Cabbage Patch for farty motherfucking
months in a row says steamed hams hmm
that's something they said or has had
some kind of emote I assume that's
something they said okay okay
steamed hams mmm ser each end for twenty
six fucking months in a row who says
ohoho ohoho
thanks for the stream see in another
three or four months give
remember it's Chen not Chen I said right
did I say wrong hey well I wasn't paying
attention when you said it I'm just
going to assume you got it wrong so I
can berate you that's pretender pretend
beer for 17 months in a row
I smell zero this was a disabled or
disciple there's no that's disciplined
daddy discipline daddy the real fandom
the whole dwellers Billa hecka for 47
motherfucking months in a row have have
you decided what you are going to do for
4 years yeah you have haven't I talked
to you about this you heaven other than
I just put you in charge of the whole
fucking thing oh yeah I know what I'm
doing ok I hope you do I sure hope you
do I do I know what's that what were you
going now you I don't know what happened
he just got up and he's staring at
something did you get up just to squash
a bug yeah really
I lost it all that and you didn't even
get it I lost it you didn't even get it
I lost it I lost it I saw a bug in the
corner of my eye gasps whoo shit I say
I'm the crazy murderous one jack has a
legit lentil recipe also just remember
when you when you do make your lentils
when you boil your lentils I had plenty
of salt to that water once it's a pretty
hard so what did Billa hecka say before
you stop to get up a small ship there
was a spider or something maybe a Senate
please spider even sense it would made a
bit of centipede I didn't get a good
look at it
green-screen down-ass the industry was
fine Billa hecka 447 my god it
completely gave up yeah it's just done
it's just done with everything we got it
we still have to get that fixed and soon
I'm on it all right I'm on him all right
Billa eka 47 motherfucking run Sandro
says one more month and I will have been
subscribed as long as a presidential
term speaking of pussies why did you
morph into a cat jack and why wasn't
rich sneezing like crazy I morphed into
a cat for those who don't know in our
latest God of War review because the
camera that was on me I set to auto
focus and it completely freaked the fuck
out a lot like our green screen is
freaking the fuck out and everything was
blurry and rich wasn't sneezing all the
time because I was actually there and I
filmed biskits my cat at home later so
I'm about to bring the chair back into
the studio but rich won't sneeze like
crazy because my cat is hypoallergenic
I'm around it long enough I start to
feel it a little bit okay nowhere near
as bad as normal right so I'm hoping
that the hair leftover on the chair
won't make you flip out but I think
it'll be fine all right
all right yeah the last humus D Park
official dog side 200
Steve the ghost Oh
gents Roberto a robot oh I guess jets
Jensen Roboto says just the worst
detective you guys do great though keep
up the good work
mo Mike one two three four who says
thanks for the new prereq did Jack have
to film biscuit shots when rich was away
because of Richards cat allergy I did
not because of riches cat I was more
worried actually about biscuit flipping
out bringing him here yeah like if I if
I had to if I brought biscuit to the
studio and tried to get him to sit on a
chair he might have flipped down so I
brought portions of the set to my house
and then he was just calm and chill
though that cat would do anything for
treats reckless four forty three
motherfucking months in a row sub sonic
Bell for 12 months in a row who says Wow
one entire year of hack fraud er E it's
been great except for that time I
accidentally hurt Rich's feelings by
teasing that he looked too pale in a
review I felt really bad about that
thanks for the great times I hope no
hard feelings hey don't even remember
the incident so it's all good I guess
there you go Krister I do I got a plan
well then I'll have to redo the
green-screen my help
oh now when that's freaking out again
better but no that fix it yeah all right
who oh that that light is right oh yeah
we can't play games like this this is
terrify need we need a solution well
that works that that cleans it right up
but yeah we need to I got it I got a
solution holy crap that's bright oh I
know like you guy in like fer for the
chat they don't know like this big shift
that just happened in here
but whoo-hoo where were we we were hot
dog buns for 20 fucking months in a row
rev nose 1313 for 20 fucking months a
neurosis Jack hmm
I've heard there was a rivalry between
clowns and magicians
what are your feelings on magicians I
like magicians right so there's no
rivalry it's just rumor it's all imagine
there's a rivalry you know there might
be like there might be like a hey I was
supposed to get that Bar Mitzvah by Hugh
Capet
no I don't think there's a rivalry I
think they share a lot of similar
attributes and no they probably they
probably get along just fine
you know you know something I'd like to
learn what I'd like to learn how to do
sleight of hand yeah I think they'd be a
neat party trick I think it's easy to
pick up no no no good well you know I
like it I want to do sleight of hand
good enough just to do like a coin thing
just simple coin thing okay that's
something I'd like to learn cavity they
got your nose to your kids
oh yeah sure no and you know like I have
younger nieces and nephews and I can I
do like really bad sleight of hand where
it's like I I I do the the like I have a
coin in my hand and I like you know hope
you see that but then like you know they
get distracted easily I just put in my
pocket yeah yeah I'm gonna go okay what
hands it in yeah fuck fuck oh no I don't
know we should look for you know get out
pull it out of their ears they their
world is destroyed you're not careful
they're gonna believe in Jesus right
shag soda ah yeah check so Tallulah
monster turtle the white might be nine
little pale forest Tim L mooks it's like
a French thing you pronounce the accent
just mute my
you gotta say like yeah yeah yeah let me
let me as they say a phone them all let
me mr. Mellott Conda says the budding
screenwriter and have written three
feature lengths good job I really enjoy
and have learned many a thing from you
hack frauds and look forward to hearing
more hey keep keep writing that's great
snuke master 20 who says I've noticed
that jake pronounces my username
slightly wrong he says the first part as
snook when really it's snuke like nuke
with an s in the front of it well I said
it correctly this time I might have said
it incorrectly in the past and I'm sorry
you feel terrible
oh no I don't Millard Damon Master
Kenobi for 47 motherfucking months in a
row it's happening plan I hope so big
big plan
I hope so if you want to juggle or
something this is all I know it's gonna
be juggling right I'm gonna juggle and
ride a unicycle I used to be able to
juggle pretty well I could probably
juggle a little bit I obviously I used
to be able to juggle very well I'm a
little out of practice
did it ever one item Master Kenobi says
I you're you're a mess rich heavy
I know Master Kenobi says I'm off for
four weeks
thanks to gallbladder surgery one more
month and you guys have something
prepped for me right also have you
considered playing hitman as it seems
like it would appeal to your love of
choice
and riches love up stuff I would I just
like oh my god I'm suffocating under all
these games I don't want to play some
Xmas under or lives under a heap of
other should Tweedledum says you are
both wonderful it's true I was making
sure I had enough I've had that the
pronunciation properly yes there's a lot
of EBS we delete alone could have been
maybe I don't know Alger not for 14
months in a row who says move along
nothing to read here live long
wicked Wonka kick girl V for 25 fucking
months in a row baron von vendor him
Pizza Train 11 for 39 motherfucking
months in a row who says Celtics win
okay congratulations
I think they in the player they've died
nah they made it to the playoffs okay
they're playing off with the basketball
they did they did the hoops that that
was closer to June and they got more
whose shirt off I have you I just I
repeated the thing you said and I have
no idea okay
what a basketball does or is so did they
they might have lost for all I know and
and they just said that this is it
surely this seems early I thought I
thought the basketball playoffs are a
little bit later in the summer
is this the Final Four unless luster no
way no visit that I heard that plaster
going on
I think that works you like your July 4
passes when you put your bracket
together and it's bet on the basketballs
I'd I just have no idea okay sister 13
brownie has 0 aimless Corsair usually
named for 42 motherfucking months in a
row def mojo alley rasa for 27 fucking
months in a row says that's all the fun
times I'll send more 4th 10th beer soon
left over beefcake 442 motherfucking
months in a row beefcake see I'm not
thinking of hockey Chad because I
thought hockey's playoffs for the exact
same time as the NBA's playoff because
the Stanley Cup Finals in the NBA Finals
frequently kind of overlap alright I
think oh hey beefcakes cells my god I'm
sorry
hmm you know maybe Jack is on to
something maybe the introduction of
cheeseburgers is how Taco Bell wins the
franchise Wars of 2032 that's right
beefcake
it's all part of the plan lol
murder/death/kill my doctor cooked Oh
hacked our cook to Cocteau dr. Cocteau
he saw the movie that was a while ago I
don't remember things like last year we
did a review for it which means we liked
it I do like it I still like it was so
nice fucking name I don't remember
things are specific a way to make
all right say it say let's say the last
couple ones where we got oh we got lay
incandescent cactus who says will we
ever see roller Gator no probably not
and not Captain Picard we said I was a
double double cannot Captain Picard who
says Richard Jack what is best in life
as aemond Asians are