Borne to be Wild (Pt 3)
March 25, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jq5rfUv3GGY

all right
yes I scoff at the fucking league give
me your fucking bucket head helmet I
wanted his bucket head I want his bucket
head helmet
oh yeah he's definitely DLC he uses the
pizza cutter yeah
give me your bucket head
give me your bucket head helmet I want
his hat Skyrim rules exactly you know
how it goes
are you my enemy right away now good I
like it this way round and round we go
oh fuck that thing has some reach ah
that's a giant pizza cutter it's got
reach got reach that's fine we can do
this I want your bucket head this is my
only goal at the moment bucket head man
oh I missed oh fuck you
good way to go through Quicksilver
bullets that is I missed with my cannon
I didn't run away I didn't notice is he
always just hostile no and now is that
every time yeah so now I have to yeah
which I'm okay with I wanted to defeat
him anyway right bud I desire the bucket
and I want the bucket and so I'm going
to defeat him they they got to bring him
outside maybe I need a little more
maneuverability lost his souls
I don't think Jack had that many to lose
though oh and I only had like 8,000
which you know early game is a decent
amount put I don't care about at the
moment I'm gonna bring them out here may
take his crop yeah this girl you guys
still plan to slay the spire a little
bit
oh this is gonna be a long fight Jack I
know look at his health
thank you is it possible to apologize in
this game oh no that's right he's got
the ring she's got to reach getting out
of here you can learn into the log trap
that's brilliant that's some tactical
thinking you said that again they need
credit for that well the log trap kill
him somebody's saying you can lure them
into the log travel it's work worth
fighting out okay yeah well do that I'm
trying to find her to set it I like I
like that suggestion so much they need
to be named and I can't find it now
god damn
well you know who you were I'm sorry I
can't find your name okay rich are you
from Chicago well technically I'm from
the south suburbs of Chicago but I'm
from the Greater Chicago metropolitan
area how's that perfect follow me
six cubed that sounds familiar six cubed
had that suggestion following you are
now don't run into the log trap myself
no we didn't meet in spring
he's not springing it I think you have
to spring it Bali's following you oh
okay
now does that insta kill him or do I
need to widdle him down a little first
this is the question you may apologize
via a gesture
well fucking I want that bucket anyone
remember the Chicago Tylenol murders in
the 80s yes
what were the Chicago I was young I was
really young and I remember that some
psychopath poison tylenol bottles and
cyanide really yeah that's crazy
you take a you take a Tylenol for your
headache and you end up dying
yes it's it's the reason medicine
bottles are all sealed though yeah a
little cotton with the foil or paper
wrap on top over the good yep yes sir
I've heard of the disco demolition and a
White Sox game they hosted better radio
guys Schneck was to do a disco
demolition yeah blow up a bunch of disco
records and it turned into a mild riot
nice I don't see was you still on the
air there for a while I'm trying to draw
a blank on his name the radio guy oh
fuck as of as of the time I left he was
still on the air oh yeah yeah
Steve dull that was it thank you Jeff
dumb ass pick a fight that you can't
finish like a dummy too bad Jack Kent
Perry with the hammer well he's got the
cannon shouldn't be trying to parry
anyway oh I suppose but you know what
that's not a that's not a bad call well
you could change the way you can never
change or what yeah they can't either
that's that's probably doable
what oh my two bullets I'm out of
bullets that's what's going on
did the log happen already
yeah didn't do a lot of damage yeah
Fairmont well there's one way to get
more bullets I don't if you want I got I
got up on I did it and I got him already
did I start the Chicago Fire
no that was mrs. O'Leary's cow nice nice
carrying it's doing almost no damage but
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
how do I get it I don't know who's that
I don't know who's that guy I don't know
how did I get the helm I don't know
who's that and what are gonna
I got the helmet I don't know who that
guy is
I fell off a cliff
it's not it's not Eileen the crow know
if you kill enough hunters do they start
having people come after you
what the fuck what the fuck just
happened
what the fuck just happened who's a I
they said he followed you off the cliff
oh so I killed them so I kill them
that's great is what this guy is part of
the questline
okay it's part of the questline i
reading the things no read the things
rich I'm glad that you're reading the
things I didn't get that deep into the
deal scene
it's that guy's power
keep fucking shooting
dude what are you I was taught I was
gonna try to hit him real I was gonna
try to hit him really quick and I didn't
and I don't know what's happening and I
got I got I got the helmet that's all I
really wanted I don't know what's going
on anymore
she at least put on the helmet and it
has caused all this trouble you should
at least put it on well that looks great
that was lucky that was a miss
you're live Jack did drop anything yeah
yeah I got a whistle I got a whistle
summon a giant serpent from the
nightmare
so that thing he was doing yes whatever
that is
however I do that and more importantly
rich I got the bucket head even though
my winning was less than satisfactory
because apparently he followed me off of
a cliff so he's not in here anymore
yeah whoo this is great you know what
this might call for pants I'll be honest
this might call for pants doo doo doo
doo an outfit like this
yeah look at that that's a great outfit
right there doo-doo-doo-doo off to work
I'm going to work at the steel mill
that's what this outfit says do do do to
do work work work
[Music]
great now we can continue playing now
that the craziness is over
all right snake head man went that way
so we go this way
I assume you cannot sneak up on snake
head man because he has snakes let's see
oh I have a lot of that and I have a lot
of cold blood should cash that in
okay if I remember correctly there might
be an ogre over here and a tresor or
just a treasure
ah there's the ogor hello Gore old Gore
was he human villain
Oh gore come to me okay great snakes
tiny snakes we can deal with that's not
a big deal let's use your context to
accelerate the porting a blood-borne on
PC please alright I got a feeling if
that happens it's not going to be until
there's a police station five yeah this
is kind of you know this is one of how
many console exclusives to the
PlayStation I mean as far as I'm
concerned this is currently the reason
to own a Playstation 4 mm-hmm so you're
Sony
are you know how how easily are you
giving this up I don't know what their
deal was if they have to give it up but
this time on there might not be there
probably isn't I don't know eat it snake
head man
eat it snakes ah
fantastic the stranding will be
PlayStation 4 only to I think probably
Raleigh so that would be a reason for
other people to maybe own a Playstation
4
not necessarily you yeah yeah but yeah
oh yeah they they they wouldn't be so
quick to get rid of death stranding
either well ya know like I'm I'm bettin
they they gave from software a good
chunk of something to get an exclusive
cuz this was pretty pretty close out of
the gate right yeah for ps4 at this
point death stranding will probably be a
ps5 launch at this point if there's
these rumblings about the next
PlayStation 5 this rumbling their
rumblings already mild rumblings how
much did they charge with the PS pro
great question wouldn't you be pissed if
you just bought one of those if the
rumblings are true then yes I would be
very pissed
yes I would be very very pissed but you
know who knows how close those rumblings
are yeah and with the great the great
switch shake-up
who knows what PlayStation neat wants to
do to compensate the switches selling
like hotcakes
everywhere I'm not saying that you know
other that people are gonna you know go
out making portable hybrids but they
might be thinking of ways to
[Music]
not even not even taking chances I just
go right to the fire didn't even need it
but you know yeah look at that I mean
snakes man snakes a lot of them yeah
yeah I know that's why I lit my hammer
on fire places to fall off
my
all right great we're doing great you're
doing great we're doing great
we're doing great so what sort of
rumblings have you heard about PS 5 or
just that they're in general working on
it I'm like well I mean it's got me but
it's almost too soon like but 2020 peace
say please Stage five by then by then we
can hear sound heared about it soon it's
gonna be revealed by 2020 that's not
that close to what what year is it 1870
yeah I suppose and if it's coming out in
2020 they're gonna start typing and yeah
moving stuff over
stupid giant snake stupid giant snake
spit on me Oh even earlier than I
thought
recent reports have suggested that Sony
could reveal something later this year
though it almost certainly won't be that
soon during a special presentation event
for the final 2019 launched in launch
and vision
I can't imagine it'll come out that sir
that's so she can't imagine 2019 that is
so ridiculously soon stop hating me it's
really annoying 2019 is right around the
comes out in 2019 they need to start
advertising like tomorrow exactly it's
like that can't be true that is that is
what I heard they're up there in the
wild somewhere that is crazy that's
actually crazy town that is legit crazy
town it's nowhere near as pathetic as
the so-called new Atari console that
Atari is currently working on why that's
pence who owns a Torino so even if you
owned Terry you wouldn't release a
console under the Atari name at this
point in time no of course you wouldn't
Atari's back the the the the og rich of
course you use the Atari name the
originators people associate Atari now
with a lot of garbage produced under a
name that's been owned and passed around
like a like a fucking doobie at a
Grateful Dead concert Wow
first of all deep cut who's the Grateful
Dead what's a doobie
concert I've heard of those is that like
a YouTube live streaming event sweaty
palms
something's dying over there rich you're
old I know I know damn well I'm old
so many blood shards gay four-quarter
says once that snake just fell out of a
tree
sorry gay for quarters that snake just
fell out of a tree and it startled me
gave a quarter says I'm watching the
stream on a cash register Optiplex
Hobbit clicks what is it what what kind
of I've never seen this word before
Optiplex on a cash register Optiplex I
found by a dumpster ok I put in a tenant
quad-core 4 gigabytes of RAM and an old
video card it's going out via HDMI to
1.55 projection TV I got for $40 great
days L sound like this a lot of words
good words maybe optiplex is a 90s
desktop I've never heard of it
I've never heard of the del opt optiplex
geez I guess that's not shocking I
wouldn't sneak head man threw me down
into a pit of snakes rich you know I
know
[Applause]
now a snake a man do it down there god
damn pissed Nick's my my dad was always
building computers yeah so I never I
never saw like this is the Optiplex next
desktop I never would have saw something
like that it would just been this is
what my dad built mmm
perhaps the Optiplex is kind of a that
was young we used to go these stuff like
computer shows yep and you just go and
there'd be all these vendors and they'll
just be someone fucking just parts just
parts motherboards video cards
this guy's got a kiosk full of doom mods
I still love going to those with my dad
oh sure but like you know for for me we
would go you know the closest the
closest electronics store we had was
like a half hour away and it was Best
Buy yeah so yeah you'd see the Dell no
this is just local vendors I'm gonna
haggle with them yeah just fucking go
and haggle with them how would you get
to haggle oh I love that that's why I
love junk stores cuz you haggle it's my
kago to the junk store man my dad's
still around he's on stream once
remember we had a whole thing never one
sees every stream oh it's very respected
know that yeah we had my dad's kickin we
had an Evans's family stream Evans his
family stream night it was a thing it
was an event couple months ago or a few
months ago it wasn't oh my god
15 mile bike ride with his old friend
cut his leg during the trip needed
stitches he finished the fucking bike
ride anyway it was blood running down
his fucking leg cuz my dad's crazy
you bike something like seven miles of
the wound that needed stitches that is
that is actually crazy yes what cures
what cures
do I have anything that I don't think I
haven't is an antidote cure madness or
is that something else
no that's poison like blood start boost
right what here's me madness ah sedative
oh right I don't think I have any I
don't think you need it right now you
know
well I just got him I just got Madden oh
okay I just got Madden diced
because of fuckin Jesus fuckin Christ
all the fucking snakes
oh nice jump yeah I feel pretty good
about that I just saw I saw the crossing
and I I immediately remembered whoa
that's cool I might not have known about
that jump there oh yeah to get that yeah
it's there's there's a you know jumping
in blood-borne is not necessarily oh I
get it
it's not really it's not a platformer
yeah but like this little gap is okay
I'm over here I don't I don't think I
knew about that oh oh and you get let's
see if it's cooler than my bucket head
even though I worked really hard for my
bucket head you get the graveyard mask
that's pretty cool but you know it works
pretty hard for that bucket head so
we're going back to the bucket head and
more importantly I need to find all of
my blood echoes which is in a literal
see a pit of snakes that good luck so
we're spot for it but you know I had
like 20,000 so it's probably worth it
actually this might be the pit of snakes
Oh
any enemies and this or other games ever
creep you out enough to not play back
back in the day and it sounds stupid now
especially when you look at what they
look like the zombies in theif the first
time like I didn't I didn't know there
was undead in theif I didn't know that
was even a thing yeah
I'm walking past this corpse and it
jumps up and moans in my face and I had
a moment in the game where I absolutely
panicked I think I actually jumped out
of my chair a little bit I instantly
backpedal and they fucking designed it
that way fucking the people who made the
fucking designed it this way I fell down
an elevator shaft
because you backpedaled and I remember
unlike the looking-glass forums this
exam experience happened to multiple
people who played the game startled by
the zombie freakout backpedal fall down
the elevator shaft get eaten by the
spider at the bottom of the elevator
shaft
it's it was brilliant design sure that's
great
the snake men definitely you know they
creep me out a little bit nothing
wouldn't make me stop playing stuff
there is stuff that would make me like
put it down for a bit and just you know
walk away mmm probably my first time
through yeah like look at look at
fucking all these snakes look at him
they just keep coming
ah look at a ball it is a never-ending
pit of snakes and it is terrifying in
there tough enemies like visually
they're creepy it's a ball of snakes and
then they're tough keep fucking coming
yeah
these are creepy these are creepy now
where's that pit of snakes where's the
pit of snakes
I remember the zombies having excellent
sound design everything and thief had
excellent sound design sound sound made
that fucking game just the ambient
fucking noise and thief is glorious
there's a boss around here somewhere I
can't be concerned with bosses right now
I gotta find my blood echoes oh there's
the thing
gobbledygook says around the 1983 Atari
game crash we had such great toys
including the best of all transformers
then the movie came out interests and
transformers died out temporarily was it
Nintendo's fault no I think it was just
the movies fault the Transformers yeah
killing off Optimus Prime was just
stupid I know they want you to buy new
toys but you don't need to kill the
character the kids like he's got a
fuckin promit eyes the mmm oh this
sounds promising
don't have any yeah that's not so close
jigglypuff says thank you for making
sure I don't road rage in LA traffic
best chaps welcome oh shit shit any
chance for just these guys no no no not
ready not ready Eddy any chance for
Dishonored - no powers run I'd have to
know dishonored - a lot better than I do
I think thing - really - really do well
at designer - no powers I'd want just
familiar with all the nooks and crannies
Oh nope nope nope
I was snakes I was ready for snakes and
there the bug monsters were there this
is my blood boards a great game by the
way they do think they they have a way
of constantly keeping you on edge Jack
yeah what what is your plan for tonight
is it you're gonna want to play this all
night I've no horse I want to play this
all night what is your plan what is it
we need a goal a destination to bring it
home we need to bring it home jack we'll
just say the next Lantern because we're
getting close right what time is it
okay I think the next letter is just a
boss
yeah or oh shit
then I don't know I'll be honest with
you I just don't know only a blood
echoes did you lose less than I lost
last time there's less than I
permanently lost I permanently lost like
twenty thousand now oh you lost those
well yeah cuz I could I couldn't find
the snake pit okay and but now I lost
about fifteen thousand
do you do you want to someone in help do
I want to someone in help no not at the
moment I'm playing it offline mode
anyway okay okay I got a fun now I have
to find those guy I have to oh I'm so
lost in this forest and I don't even
know where those guys were they were
down here I think they were down here
rich red pillar son the Fed I'm not
gonna fill anybody with with any issue
you shouldn't look at it as red and blue
and which side am I on
you should look at the issue and think
for yourself you shouldn't be saying
what am I supposed to think what does my
side think about this look at the issue
how do you feel how do you feel I don't
do drugs
fucking fucking hell
fucking hell fucking hell this game I
love this game so goddamn much
which just never heard of the matrix
what a hack fraud someone someone hasn't
heard red pill be used in a political
way in recent years well that's the it's
it's both factually it's both you know
red red peeling is waking up right yeah
like red pill you know like if someone
is red pill that means they finally woke
they get it man they they understand
what's happening now man and and so they
want they yeah they were they were
pushing they're pushing some agenda
buttons there that's what I met in the
movie yeah but that's I think that's
also what it means politically now where
am i where am I going all right am I am
I wrong about this tell me if I'm wrong
about this I'm frequently wrong I'm
frequently wrong doesn't it mean to be
to be red pilled yeah to find your way
to a conservative viewpoint and to be
woke means we found your way to a
liberal viewpoint I thought that's the
way these two things were used and maybe
I'm wrong
well I think people when people say red
pill they specifically mean you see in
the conservative life and I believe
you're right but I believe they both
believe that they're woke oso locusts
both well well no you're right you're
right in that the phrase I'm woke means
that you are now like you're awoken to a
liberal point of view but I believe if
you are read pilled the chats and emote
only mode we're not even talking about
politics we're talking about determine
talking about the definition of a
terminology that is used to describe
politics this is insane
this is insane so but I believe if
neither of us are endorsing anything
right now we're just talking just means
the words to be read pilled
mean you are
like the matrix woken up to the
conservative politics I believe okay
okay so I believe it's Bo or both are
woke this seems like a boss fight is
this a boss fight this is definitely a
boss fight
right this
maybe not
okay here's your something a bit safer
no I do not believe in ghosts I really
look at that maybe that area yeah let's
scream it for a boss fight uh no but
it's on the way to the boss fight okay
down one of these paths you'll get the
shortcut to the elevator the other
elevator this might be the path to the
ball so I think the other way might be
the elevator but I I could be wrong
easily
you might be right I think I remember
pigs up like like this area is so
wonderfully big and labyrinth like and
you you just get lost oh yeah no actual
exploring to be had in this section of
the game oh yeah well I mean in every
section of the game there's there's so
many nooks and crannies and paths yeah
this seems like an elevator this seems
like an elevator area snake eyed man
snake head room that is the elevator
area just open the elevator
run heel and run past his ass yeah
someone oh you can defeat him after you
open the elevator is that not true
I suppose theoretically or I could
defeat him all right hey you you know
you did it you did it then you get the
sense of accomplishment and I wasn't
quite sure where the elevator was over
here and so I didn't want to like run
past him only to run into like smack-dab
into another enemy
oh great
[Music]
Akagi and the chat says when I finally
bought a ps4 it floored me how many
people said something to the effect of
enjoy your blood-borne machine haha yeah
yeah the ps4 has a lot of good games on
it but if you're talking exclusives
there's a there's only a handful you
know
okay just so you know I am NOT under any
obligation to read tips that's true yeah
that's really true we've we've been
through that many times we appreciate
all of you who tipped but we certainly
get to pick and choose what we read for
the record it's not controversial it's
just juvenile
like okay so why don't we do this why
don't we do this rich I am gonna go find
my way to the ps4 are more
cost-effective than a PC with similar
stats though if you're looking for
solely a gaming streaming machine can
you use a mouse and keyboard on a ps4
can can you do that
we know how rich feels about that wait
so where's the other elevator it's over
here oh fuck off okay okay I get it now
I get it now the the quick the quick
road why don't we do this
whoever's playing blood-borne now let's
go fight the boss oh you're gonna go
online sure all right
and then we'll defeat this last boss and
it'll be a nice who run cuz I want to
say this I don't I is this boss like the
three the three biddies I thought I
remember them being bad but you know
what we'll end the stream with a nice
boss battle we'll get someone online
let me level up first and Ludvig some
bolt paper it's that they're not
necessarily easy bolt size bolt paper I
have forged paper fire yep fire up them
ps4s I'm gonna quickly level up all the
things I can I think I might be able to
get my hammer to like max stats what
boss the I forget what they're called
the the three the three hooded guys
Oh any junks shadows of your living room
what are they called the three hooded
guys that's what I know Maz all right
hey girl shadows yarman I'm right I'm
rich is right can you join for a boss
fight if you've already beat the boss I
think so
you can just join no matter what
a little more health a little more
strength I mean you gotta go kind of
more strength
what am our defense that it doesn't get
that much more gobbledygook says
speaking of coats and Jim Jones any
plans to try the new first-person
shooting 5 Far Cry 5 this week mark -
Blood Dragon was neat and the map and
mod tools' for the new one look
promising for creative content
I have no immediate plans to play it I'm
not saying I'll never play Far Cry 5 if
it's just out could be it could be an
episode we do
was that just a non sequitur or is there
actually a cult theme did farce game 5
Far Cry far cry 5 yeah I think that's
you're fighting like a cult like a coke
okay okay I am what I and I don't know
much about it and what I saw online is
they based the cult symbol very closely
on the symbol for Scientology so yeah
it's like a I don't know what kind of
cult button all right so wait now I
probably now need to kind of go online
okay so password matching is prereq I
don't know how do I go online I probably
need to exit game
apparently they said far cry 5 might
have blood dragon too
maybe they'd be wise to do that if they
want to sell high five I saw I saw the
be like DLC lineup you know it has a
season pass and you can already get like
three DLCs it's crazy I know why they
haven't a full full scale Blood Dragon
the game why not it was popular people
loved it oh shit I did wrong I did bad I
don't I don't know I don't know I don't
know
I'm not going to kill the doll I hit her
once accidentally and I did not kill her
but I felt terrible yeah I accidentally
like grazed one of these I did that once
I did that once felt awful Joey
Belladonna says Michael Dane
bean admitted that he's already recorded
lines for blood dragon to Rex Rex power
cult that's this character the perfect
the perfect parody action hero named for
an 80s science fiction movie Rex Rex
power cult I'm just turning off the ps4
real quick so I can connect it to the
network what happens if you kill the
doll you feel bad you just feel bad she
comes back you leave the hunter's dream
and and go back and she comes right back
but you feel terrible
Shawn's Samoan says every stream I hope
for rich Evans perfect thief run someday
oh well recently started playing thief
myself again I forgot how much I loved
it the zombies always got me too rich it
looks so comical in hindsight but yeah
they used to freak me out I used to
dread a level I knew had zombies in it
but back then zombies in general used to
creep me out
just the idea behind the Night of the
Living Dead movies right no so bleak huh
that's it I mean that's that that's
interesting to me because he knows I've
always liked seen zombies and be like
hey for me this is the most horrible
thing ever
god this is such a depressing idea right
there's nothing left in the world but
just literally walking death yeah girl
death shambling corpses I'm connecting
to the internet that's why you're not
seeing any but Michael Myers didn't
scare me yeah Freddy Krueger didn't
scare me Jason Voorhees didn't scare me
zombies fucking scared me but it was a
it was an existential kind of fear
okay and there we go no one told me
thief three turns into a horror game or
halfway through thief games embrace
horror and it works really well in thief
because you by design you're not a tank
bright like Dishonored which you know is
kind of the spiritual successor to thief
you can kick all the ass oh yeah you
can't kick all the a thief yeah at least
you're not supposed to yeah you playing
it off you could figure out how to beat
the AI but you're it's by design you're
not really supposed to be a an
ass-kicking murder machine sure sure
sure okay so if you want to join I've
set my how do you type the prereq
password no idea I have no idea I don't
know how it works
edit to match with players using the
same password so it's prereq P re re C
all lowercase and I will I will use the
the bell as soon as I get ya I'll get o
I'll get a little bit closer the only
thing that prevented thief 3 from being
transcendent was that stupid
Unreal Engine I don't think the stupid
loading zones help much
Madson thief three are just just kind of
small compared to like I'm a pin thief -
mm-hmm
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna take all
the shortcuts I'm gonna get a little bit
closer and then I will summon someone
and we're gonna take out this boss and
it's gonna be great
look at this fucking cannon Steve three
the first one available for consoles yes
now one of those snakes should really be
looking I think some of those snakes are
looking at me
didn't I say fidget spinners were stupid
I have never said that vision spinners
were fucking designed with me and mine
yeah rich really nice midget spinners I
fidget constantly I wouldn't I would
never besmirch the fidgets spinner and
you know I I fig it occasionally but I
would still never besmirch a fidgeting
device only because like I know people
who need to do that like not just you
just like some people need something to
do with their fingers and if they don't
do this they pace and that's even more
annoying let them spin let them fucking
do whatever they want fidget spin all
you want you feel about all those cubes
this cubes all things on them oh they're
neat check out me one for my birthday
once yep they're fun
you flick the things erupt the things
this is great it's great times
yeah I did the I saw that there was a
Kickstarter for those cubes and I did
that because I feel like oh this this is
a great idea that's a great gift but
then like like a year before they the
Kickstarter was released the the market
was flooded by knockoffs by cheap
knock-offs
I think Karen had got me one of the
knockoffs once and it really is a piece
of crap in comparison oh yeah so but
those cheap knockoffs didn't do like
they only hurt
they only hurt my god she plea
constructive and then everyone's like
who cares about these cubes
[Music]
wait is that something is had a little
secret
I noticed the other day accepts playing
this you inspired well you some extreme
again see we all know you inspired me to
pick up blood boy then yeah I discovered
a secret in the Odin chapel elevator
yeah yeah that little bit a little thing
you can roll I didn't know about that
until I don't like a week or two ago oh
yeah a lot of times these elevators have
like sneaky little things where if you
roll out mid elevator you you get you
get someplace fun
are you facing me how do I get to kill
you oh I get to kill you are do I get to
kill you
are you facing me oh I'm just gonna make
my way to that pool uh here's the pool
and then we're gonna call okay all right
I'm gonna call and I think we go that
way
yeah there's the pigs that way all right
so how do we call we call you something
I don't usually do I know neither do I
beckoning bill I believe okay use
insight to ring and call to other worlds
here we go Oh
there goes a ghosts
to be in this area or I might god I
don't know I don't know how it works
they still like be in the pool with me
I'm giving possibilities for people who
want to know how to join I don't know
the answer
Little Mermaid that's how she lost her
voice that was the song that was a
little song she's saying he's a Little
Mermaid password is prereq all lowercase
P re re C this was a mess when I tried
private matches says do B sandwich rich
don't give a single fuck what am I gonna
do use my mental energy to force
somebody into Jack's game we're just
waiting no I'm you know I I think people
want to join in and if you guys don't
then I'll just go by myself rich is not
acknowledging Jack's Ariel singing I was
debating whether or not to join in
actually yeah I didn't he doesn't like
Jax Jax got this you don't need to
acknowledge everything I do it's for you
what's the red one somebody died that'll
show you the last moments of somebody's
life
oh the snakehead man
oh hello we did my bell we're off try it
again
oh no it's still working there it is you
see that at the white thing okay okay
it's still working
people are trying okay well great yeah
but Lydon will just hang out for a
little bit if I ever been to a Rob
Zombie concert no though I I like Rob
Zombie well enough hey could someone
remind me to get eggs after this
that's real I need to go grocery
shopping I need eggs I have you know how
many eggs I have in my hell no I have
one eggs how many eggs do you need three
I have three eggs and so technically I
only need two because I haven't one but
you know you can't run by two eggs what
time is it
it's 10:30 almost no I know rich you
should have stopped me like an hour ago
I did did you you wanna keep coat Winnie
I said Jack we need an exit strategy
like nine that was an hour ago not quite
how that felt I think I'm exaggerating
but it was a while ago it was before
10:00 I loved blood-borne I know you do
I know you do
I'm glad I'm glad I liked oral college
to this and played blood-borne we might
have had some fun with Pikachu detective
Pikachu and we can always play it later
I have the game
this is like the third stream I've seen
someone mention to get eggs I have three
eggs every single day um plus any egg I
use for any other meal and so I go
through a lot of eggs Oh nope
are you something no you're someone else
you come in there standing there you
enjoy me nope okay oh there goes someone
ghosts rich we got ghosts I know I think
they do need to be it within the area I
think they need to be in the vicinity
they seem like they're in the vicinity
you around yeah but they don't they
might not know me I could just be other
people running around those could be
other ghosts and so I think for anyone
else I'm sure they know because they see
what you are well yeah now oh no they
know but maybe people are making their
way here making their way Gallagher says
ëi seed program for AI development has
battlefield BOTS using interconnected
neural networks with deep learning
instead of pathfinding and scripting for
single-player gaming how important is AI
but depends upon the game for one like a
zombie game maybe you don't need very
competent AI but it's important yeah but
how important depends upon the game
absolutely like a stealth game you might
want some complicated behaviors going on
yeah for a good stealth game searching
patterns and what what their awareness
is like what kind of things they should
be aware of
there's an enemy notice a missing bottle
on a table that you grabbed Dynasty
Warriors
not so much not so much at that point
it's just running a straight line run a
straight line ah
what level are you people gonna only
join if they are within 20 to 20 20 + 20
% levels of you they have to close to
your level life I have heard maybe I'm
wrong that you could join if you're like
way more level than the person you're
joining with but your own stats get
bumped down when you join somebody who's
lower level than us why I have heard I'm
joined with a password I'm at level 57
I've heard the game automatically bumps
you down okay
57 is the level I'm at I don't know what
that means like I don't know if that
means good bad or otherwise but with a
password anyone can join is what I'm
seeing
in chat
so we'll just just hang out for a little
bit longer till we can figure it out and
it'll check my network sitting here it's
worldwide online ID password matching
prereq boom we were playing I mean
obviously we're playing online because
you can see all the the bubbly hints and
the death animation so we know we are
online my favourite comic book artists
back when I read comic books um John
Romita Jr Mark Bagley Erik Larsson John
were made a senior seniors great
I like senior I'm not down with junior
that much but seniors great I love me
some junior junior we've had this covers
we've had this conversation before we're
allowed to like different things well
and I think junior did really good work
on spider-man but he made some fugly ass
x-men yep
unfortunately Begley has it took me a
while to get used to Bagley spy style on
ultimate spider-man huh but after after
10 or so issues I wanted nothing else
but Begley to dress everything it was he
was he was better at ultimate than he
wasn't amazing he drew amazing for a
while oh did he
Oh ultimate it's great like he did a
great job in ultimate and then when they
replaced him on like you know issue
what was it 111 however yeah it was it
was like oh no they say Begley doesn't
get enough credit I think he mostly just
did covers honestly Mike Zack was good
Zack Rick Leonardi Zack
I'm running around a bit trying to find
you find me I mean here in the pool look
I'm in the pool I'm in the big pool
right below that elevator thingy
feelings on todd mcfarlane overrated
hack hack overrated hack and also a
dickhead sure but you know most
importantly an overrated hack yeah I
don't know if I've ever heard a nice
thing said about him ever he's a jackass
yeah he's openly a jackass yeah I say
try try being closer to the boss I don't
know why that would make a difference it
seems like weird design but try going
closer to the boss okay
oh nothing but items here I was the boss
one of these paths leads to the boss
where's the piggies I came from there so
I'm not looking forward to the new spawn
movie the new spawn movie will probably
be crap but as much as I don't like Todd
McFarlane I'll admit spawn is a concept
you could make interesting spawn is a
concept that you can make it you got
some angst in there that's the cave I
came from right where the heck is the
boss
you see fight two pigs I can't find the
pigs
I lost my pigs the big cool reason for
not liking Todd uh he his art is greatly
overrated like he drew some really fancy
some fancy webbing but watch the man
pretend he can draw an action scene he
draws poses that don't look like they
relate from one action to the next oh
yeah I know and everything's like overly
complicated loosely complicated and
things everywhere just strings strings
everywhere this isn't right is it
that's another snakehead man I remember
one issue of spawn it was a fight scene
and he just didn't give a shit he'd just
draw like like things flying out from
like outside of the panel I guess the
thing is and I'm flying around ah
and he didn't so he didn't have to
bother with drawing any of the actual
fight he's not a vision all right
todd mcfarlane is not a visual
storytelling and you know as a comic
book artist you kind of have to be yes
he's not a storyteller he draws a series
of pinups yes it's absolutely true
that's absolutely true
okay oh yeah okay here's the second Pig
okay there's the second Pig I am now
closer to the to the boss let me kill
these enemies who have to kill the
enemies first maybe the HBO animated
series spawn animated series is actually
really good I've seen parts of it it's
good it's a rare case of the adaptation
being better than the comic book it's
based on because as I said spawn is a
concept that couldn't be done better and
Todd McFarlane was just an asshole
looking to cash out on his name
that's all spawn was he didn't try to
tell a good story okay I think the
bosses are down here I don't want to go
in yet HBO they got the license to spawn
which was super popular and they had
interested turning it into a story
alright I'm now closer to the boss twin
fires and by the twin fires said another
enemy
I don't know if I need to like kill all
the enemies first I'm sorry about Angela
no you mean Marvel's Angela Neil
Gaiman's fuck unit todd mcfarlane and he
was he was right to do it the full story
and then that's complicated shit isn't
it yeah yeah I've heard bits and pieces
and I don't know who Angela is so I just
don't know what's going yeah yeah i all
right you you do better looking up the
details of the story elsewhere but
basically neil gaiman created a
character for spawn who ended up
becoming really popular Angela the
warrior angel Angela and over something
else I think it was over like miracle
man comic books which Todd said he had
the rights to but he didn't a Neil
Gaiman was interested in that I don't
really I don't know the details to go
read the rest of it but basically Neil
Gaiman Todd McFarlane had a huge
falling-out well an important note
uh-huh is that in what was the company
that Todd McFarlane found in an image an
image to differentiate themselves from
the evil corporate
Marvel Todd McFarlane said anyone who
creates a character has the rights to
that character and blood like you know
yeah it was all you know art artistic
spin and so yeah Neil Gaiman created a
character but then McFarlane tried to
snap oh you've made action figures tried
to profit off of it and then after the
fallout Neil Gaiman's like will fuck you
hmm
and there was a lot of court battles and
eventually Neil Gaiman's sold Angela to
Marvel who Todd McFarlane hated as a
fuck you you had McFarlane mm-hmm and
now Marvel owns angela and they don't
know what to do with her Neil Gaiman
doesn't give a shit cuz it was just a
fuck you to Todd McFarlane uh-huh hi
guys I'm overlooking the boss are y'all
coming silence the Bell and ring it
again okay
did I ring the join bell instead of the
summon Bell is here well we'll find out
hold on no guy I'm gonna supposedly a
very nice guy
well sure he is but time McFarland is an
asshole right so we want we want Neil
Diamond to win and he did which is great
okay so I'm ringing the summoning bat or
the beckoning Bell use insight to ring
and call to other worlds for help
beckoning Bell go
what about Alan Moore and swamp then
what about them and island Moore had a
good run in Swamp Thing mmm maybe that's
an alum or had a good run in Swamp Thing
I mentioned the thing never read Swamp
Thing I've never read a Swamp Thing a
valid Mora did a stint in it I believe
it's good he turned his origin on his
head okay
he gave Swamp Thing a full on identity
crisis like it I'll have to read that
but maybe maybe you're not who you think
you are
mmm deep Swamp things origin was
originally scientist gets a chemical
item turns into a plant monster and and
when Moore's take on it was no the
scientists just died and the plant grew
when absorbs memories the plant just
thinks he's the scientists Oh
now do you thought you were those
memories not yours
I like it
man things better I haven't read either
I know nothing of Man Thing or Swamp
Thing Denton Dhin Dhin Dhin don't dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun
what are our opinions on toxic avenger
we're not people to ask nope
try a new password that's what I read
okay keep it simple all lowercase
Jack password is my name Jack worldwide
ready to go the battle is still rung
password is Jack all lowercase join me
we by the way we better fucking win this
first time guys this is a lot of build
up you're never gonna get them in your
group you're gonna have to go it alone
and then I'm gonna die and then we're
just gonna have to end it that's good
like here's the thing we are only
fighting this thing once ring it until
they show up I'm not sir casting in any
way but I'm extremely curious to know
what you would say to an old comic
teacher of mine that made a study todd
mcfarlane
praising him like a god and how he
managed the pages I I'd say that
partners guy also taught a class anyone
can teach a class you know anyone can
teach a class did you see there there's
a thing there's a thing going around of
one of his interviews at Peter James I
can go and and he was talking about how
gangster films were so popular and so
part of the reason he made partners was
so he could capsize on how popular
gangster films were uh-huh caps uh I
know I I heard that and then you think
it's just miss speaking but apparently
he said it multiple
times meaning he wanted to capitalize on
the popularity of gangster films I know
we're not dealing with the genius it's
like we know we knew that going in
yeah that's the kind of thing you never
correct him you just let him do that
forever forever and ever amen
ring since you changed the past
goddamnit this is my last time doing it
guys then we're going in cuz we've been
we've been spending too much time wait
there's someone wait are you someone are
you trying to join oh there's a guy with
a hammer you trying to oh now all these
people are here hold on all right I'm
gonna we're gonna do it one more time
since the password has changed to Jack
all lowercase
and I'm gonna ring the bell again
beckoning Bell go it's wrong okay we're
here
it's wrong y'all we're gonna just give
you a couple minutes and then I'm going
alone if I die that's it we only got one
shot at this make or break oh so I
haven't eaten since new growl I'm sorry
I really did not think is that late as I
could play this game just all night I
know because I love blood-borne you just
get it like I get why people get so
obsessed with things over and over after
playing blood-borne like I've liked
games before and I've wanted to replay
games before but I don't know if I've
ever been as obsessed with replaying a
game and getting so into it that like
all other games mean nothing to me right
now rich because I'm playing blood-borne
please stop waiting jack oh yeah we're
giving it a couple minutes here but cuz
I keep seeing people I keep seeing
people like show up in the distance oh
hey I look look like there's people just
waiting here for me I remember while ago
when the deal see first come on came out
I think we stream with people we try to
get people and we're having problems too
yeah by the way they came I came
eventually
those are just other players those are
people waiting I think those are people
waiting for me yeah maybe try without a
password just see what happens yeah sure
that's fair all right guys I'm gonna I'm
gonna get rid of my password no password
and I got to silence it and do it again
and I'm sure that's what they're gonna
tell me
all right one more time no password no
password no password looking for helpers
here we go
who wants to help me that people are
waiting here believe it or not the
hundreds of thousands of people playing
this right now are not all there for you
where's his thing how old is this game
hmm
whew for how many people you think are
actually playing this right now that are
waiting in this one area yes I'm not
saying they're all here for me but like
look there's someone just standing right
there behind me what are the odds
so it's probably not hundreds of
thousands
and I'm going in that's enough time okay
let's do this
lots of people still playing this game a
lot I'm not doubting it but the person's
had hundreds of thousands hey what's up
the stairs it's up the stairs is that an
easier way to get here I don't think so
oh no I need to defeat them to open the
gate right there's just something in
here this is necessary to anything
fucking snakehead guy all right I got a
got a thing
what does man you know what doesn't
matter that's a shortcut I don't like
that area it's a shortcut this would be
great if this was a shortcut because
this is so yeah that's the opposite of a
shortcut I think it doesn't this up here
take you to somewhere further away were
you I have no idea rich it's like it's
like a fall into a other spot you don't
fall down there oh yeah this is like a
snake that's that's negative progress
yeah yeah yeah yeah you know the game
audio was bad we once did
bad how quite bad quiet and hey you
can't no okay all right let's go fight
some bosses bet how bad quiet no details
of course great
hey guys game audio game audio game
audio a little on the quiet side yeah
okay I mean we're ending the stream
shirtless
nope
Oh coming oh yeah
Jonathan he's got nothing I mean you
kill one off the other start getting
more powerful
so make make some sense to spread the
damage out of it stuck on rocks
nope nope do it jack
I can do it I can do it I can do it you
can do it jack oh they follow you watan
nope the people that are trying to kill
you generally try to follow you know the
fire follows the fire father okay okay I
I misunderstood
big whiff big whiff always killed the
castor first yeah it's not terrible
advice and see that because he's he's
most annoying but then his brothers come
take your time if the brothers are
chasing after you hard why don't you why
don't you lead them away and then go
after the castor while they're apart
well they're separated
or get them all in one go they're
killing they're evolving Oh who's Eric
violence but what's
I was almost full health do you wanna
join up I'll start reading subs no no I
said one fight
you sure I said won't fight I got how
many did I get it give me vicar Amelia
we make a rule and yeah they stick with
the rule break it one way make our walls
stick with the rule okay
that was my fight I'm offering you that
grace I appreciate that I made a rule
rich fast okay steadfast cuz you know
what you break that rule one to the
other then you break it again then you
break it again and then you might as
well not have a rule like the vote on
Twitter rule Sinemet that was a
suggestion that was clearly a suggestion