Trial by Fraud (pt 1)
April 25, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fKPboJicSc

damn who said this this is what I'm
saying oh oh it's not I thought that was
like a tip we saw your phone right and I
got a message on your phone
threatening no swallow you're so nice
well what
hello everyone how's it going hey hi
everyone how's it boy knows Diaz so Jack
tweeted that would be playing one of two
Jack games and and for some reason rich
the chat did not seem to be down with
the games that I want to deploy where's
here's the thing i I just got the master
sword with sweet-looking sword and I can
now do the dlc the master sword trial
dlc and and we've we've had never really
gotten a good stream in we couldn't deal
c4 this isn't replaying the game a lot
of not doing any of the DLC right I
think it's a fine idea of Richie I mean
I had to be fair I didn't ask you what
game you were thinking about playing
when we chatted earlier I just I just
went off on my own so right and I feel
like the chat is used to that by now
where I'll say we're definitely playing
this and we end up completely not
playing that at all if we get bored of
this for whatever reason we can always
switch it up absolutely to them the
ditto sword DOS we got stuff I'm gonna
I'm gonna get a little bit of shield
parrying practicing before I start I
don't know how much shield bearings
gonna be involved in the master sword
trials but I assume I assume more than
none
I've only done the first couple of
levels of the trials of the Master Sword
so yeah so you to do you didn't start
the master sword trials I know you did
the other one The Ballad of my champion
champion ballad and I still have right
now I'm just cleaning up a couple side
quests in the main game before I go back
to that okay well and playing God of War
I'm trying not to bounce back and forth
between God of War and Zelda just
because you know it'll mess up my I'm a
flow in either of the game yep you're
about to get electrocuted fine you did
it
you've been fucking loving breath of the
wild lately yes it's it's a great game
it's a wonderful game terrible and we're
just totally fucked up it's like wait
wait till the the the that blue eye is
the loop
hit it I've had more luck with the noise
oh you go by noise the master wants to
know how bad is god of war it's
complicated rich and I are gonna film
our God of War up so this weekend I feel
like there's a lot to talk about there
might be I'm gonna wait so rich gets a
little farther before I do go anything
in depth something that you that a joke
I made on Twitter something that you
learned very early on in the game so
this isn't a spoiler for anyone is
there's a little bit of wait no it's
okay I had this down the other day you
can find it get get your rhythm back
my two Earl I think I'm too about too
late I think you're too late absolutely
you're you're you're not swinging fast
enough there's a little bit of a
contradiction in Kratos where he says I
don't want the boy to know about my
violent past there right that's they're
doing it wrong and and then also create
ojala there you go
and then in the same breath Kratos is
like boy
let us murder all these monsters I will
teach you how to murder them better but
don't learn about my violent past I
don't know why anyone who is a God of
War fan wouldn't want Kratos to be the
badass through and through the the
murder machine the murder where she is
teaching the son not to be a bottle
machine I would think that would be the
whole draw in giving play oh I felt like
you were really close with that one
that she's not true and I not hit what
are we doing wrong there think you're a
little too late I think you're a little
too late oh this isn't good
maybe too early I don't know I don't
know ma'am yeah boom
maybe you've been hitting it too early
maybe that's been your problem but
anyway like I said it's it's complicated
the whole God of War thing the game is
uh it's not it's not a straightforward
thing but that's okay we're gonna talk
about it talk about it have a nice big
long episode about it when I'm gonna
wear white paint I'm probably not gonna
wear white beans
odd
that's it not that's how you do it right
there rich that's it that's how you do
it
what what what now it's great no I just
think it's great you did great or dumb
Mini's says I'm stuck on the last
section of the trial of sword right now
good luck rich thank you I hear it's
balls hard oh I'm sure I find one more
to practice again or dad probably afraid
just something to get you you knows if
that gets you back in the flow when did
they put health on the top of the
monsters rich is currently wearing the
the heroes tunic that blue outfit shows
you the the health of the monsters just
a shirt yeah
and you get that out after you find one
memory you go back to Impa EMPA EMPA not
OPA she is not a Loompa even though she
is rather she doesn't she doesn't turn
into a giant blueberry and get rolled
away
well after you find your first memory if
you go back to Impa she will give you
that tunic but this area was swarming
with guardians for crying out loud
by the way it usually is where are they
where the hell are all the fucking
Guardians oh sure now you're looking for
one but if you were just there picking
radishes they'd be all over your ass
yeah you got the horse teleporter is
that the greatest it's cool
oh is that what the the future bridle
does it gives you two extra oh there's
one oh he's walking away bye
those two
there we go boom there we go
you did it you did it a kaleidoscopic
wants to know any thoughts on Westworld
season two I really liked the opening of
season two I thought it's set III I saw
some complaints about the the season
premiere of season two but I thought it
did a really good job you know I guess
what people might forget in this world
in this in in our modern-day world of
streaming and binge watching is it's
been a long time since season one and so
season two comes around and it was
basically just everybody get your shit
together episode reminder episode well
you know they they moved some things
forward but yeah it was more just like
let's all gather round and figure out
where everyone is now and we're gonna
set up a whole bunch of things for
season smart it was nice is what it was
oh yeah I remember that character was
doing something
hey that characters too great I'm very
excited for the new season
klaren how do you get the horse armor
its new what the deal see it's in two
different spots one is kind of
underwater in the area by the horse
fairy fountain yes yeah
and then the other one is on the big
mountain that glows where you meet the
Lord of the mountain yeah glow horse
Mountain yeah and it's in in all these
stables once you get the DLC there's
like there's gossip of books and all of
those gossip books give you clues on
where all the DLC treasures are so
the horse fairy fountain what would you
call it the horn I think they call the
horse God technically I don't know well
it's right by the river of the horse God
but no the horse fairy found it's the
furry film that brings dead horses back
to life yeah it's in though it's in the
little pond behind that yeah yes granted
yeah that the I'm not a big fan of the
the the headpiece for the horse I just
think it looks ugly so I don't wear that
but man that's saddle where the horse
can teleport to you anywhere is the
greatest yeah just the best if I would
have had that on cobalt I could have
teleported Cobalt before he fell down
the mountain yes and I could have saved
his life but I didn't have it did that I
did I killed two guardians and two two
little turd Guardians yeah Michelle was
going the whole time that's when you
were when you reflect it doesn't hurt
your shield it's kind of curious if it
cost anything even the reflect cost
something that I said doesn't I bet you
you could have done you should have
reflected them with your pot lid that
would have been fun here then the broken
there's not much difference this is what
I do this is what you do here it is rich
the trial of the sword
prepare thyself rich oh dear
Perry's never damage the shield yeah but
I've I think I think I've broken swords
cutting grass so I just kind of assumed
there would be some kind of closet to
the parry it only costs you if you if
you miss cuz then it just hits the
shield oh come on I knew I knew I know
that's great you just start off naked we
do have all the the rooms right so what
the little the bombs the magnets
yep you still get all those the what yes
I've said I have seen the Andre the
Giant documentary illegally was on
YouTube fucking them it's available I'm
gonna watch it fucking see HBO needs to
take that shit down but I saw it was
good I mean it was mostly shit I'd
already heard yes so it wasn't it wasn't
i opening but it's it's quality I'm very
excited so having gotten to see again so
I'm still very excited for it and not
being not being huge into classic
wrestling I think it's gonna have a lot
of information that probably that I
don't know
there's no reason to rush right no no
there's not a timed event all right and
you know the the name of the game is
just protect your hearts because you
don't have any of your food or any of
your items and so basically this is uh
this is roguelike breath of the wild so
be careful you didn't know the other
wrestlers were scared of Andre why
wouldn't they be why wouldn't they be
Andre was so big he could accidentally
hurt you very very easily Andre could
treat a fucking six foot five tall man
like a rag doll that's one of my
favorite pictures is uh who is is Andre
the Giant and Wilt Chamberlain holding
up Arnold Schwarzenegger here's here's a
funny thing is I that picture is kind of
surprising because I heard something
about Andre he wouldn't he went out of
his way to avoid having his picture
taken with somebody tall really because
that was all gimmick being bigger than
everything else
so their weapons are probably sitting on
that log my plan why I'm taking this so
slow because I've got I got nothing but
a stupid tree branch right now so my
plan is to sneak over there quietly and
pick up their weapons before they have a
chance to get at them
how well this gonna work
haha hi fuckers slow and steady wins the
race
all right all right there's some eggs up
here right whoo shield nice treasures
then ah nothing behind their new I don't
thinks I can get that back there
look I'm in no rush
I'm in no rush did you get anything in
our barrels apples
hey apples men I'll take them apples
meat oh thank you chat got to grab this
meat shit
all right I think I'm moving on I think
I'm moving on all right I have no bow
and arrow which sucks
no bow and arrow got something on the
ground or there was a rock rock rock me
on the dais
fuck that up
for fuck's sake slow and steady wins the
race
slow and steady wins the race it's gonna
be a long trail of the sword
BAM perfect stealth Jack you're missing
my sweet my sweet stealth action here
alright I left you alone rich I'm so
sorry not a single one of these fuckers
saw me coming
are you still in the first one a second
room okay second room sorry everyone
that was my mother and you know I
understand that's pre already called
that's that's a priority call I was
about nothing particularly important but
but it's your mother but it's your
mother and that's the thing and you know
what's the last movie that actually
surprised me Jack trigger Joyce uh
probably okay I don't want to get too
into it I don't want to get crazy here
but I was genuinely surprised by all the
things or by some of the things that
happened in the last Jedi and I know
that's a controversial statement because
some people think that that's all they
did was surprise you but I was genuinely
surprised by stuff that happened in the
last Jedi so
now I'm getting fucking message oh my
god now Ritchie's gonna leave me and I
can't play Rich's games so it's good
about to get very boring in here tit
puddle surprises everyone oh I thought
we were talking about real movies so if
I was do you write Faust was the last
movie that genuinely surprised me oh
wait there might be something more
recent anything important possibly what
anything important for what you're good
the call oh no no no all right there was
probably something more recently that
surprised me that I I won't tell you
about just yet but tip puddle was fairly
surprising I was not expecting that
nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition
nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition
so set a reference lost on today's yoots
maybe maybe I don't know if Monty Python
is still like a I mean when I was in
high school there there was a Monty
Python resurgence and everyone was into
it it wasn't a resurgence it just never
go away amongst the nerdy groups that's
the important question yeah
yeah I as a young nerd I didn't know I
just knew I loved it I think it was I
want to call it a resurgence because I
know kids in the hall were popular
around them and kids in the hall always
cited Monty Python is one of their
biggest influences and and so I'd like
to say that it was it was something like
that
absurd comedy group saying giving up
giving a reference point but
what was that what was that what was
that shit Monty Python is coming to
Netflix I would love that I'm sure it's
on YouTube says Monty Python have a
YouTube channel I don't know I think
I've got just the still got the DVD
collections there shit but that would be
great just to watch Monty Python
high-quality Monty Python whatever cuz
I'm you know last time I looked for a
Monty Python skit on YouTube which was
years ago it was you know well I mean it
was a VHS real fucking TV show what are
all right somebody high-quality rips
you're gonna find well you know
something better than a you know a VHS
dub where's it at where's it at hey
written Jack or should I plant my
greenhouse and stardew valley coffee
whatever you want is the proper answer
where is it
remember it's a game about you know you
making your own farm oh you're right am
i right yeah they're backwards left it's
like that way yep now you're heading
towards it now it's weaker well you were
heading towards it wait
there we go ah how am I supposed to get
it is it magnetic I may have needed to
use the fire and the updraft sure sure
sure
fire arrow I don't believe I have a fire
arrow nope and you don't want to waste
that it doesn't I don't think it's a
magnetic one if you're you might be able
to like use your stasis and whack a rock
up there but that could possibly break a
weapon that you know that you'll need
later
is there any dry grass around okay not
god damn you Lincoln
I just need a little bit more range I
think Jack what is your opinion on the
movie hook starring Robin Williams and
Dustin Hoffman
that's a weird movie hey you did it
focus a weird movie that weird I think
so I think it's way weirder than you're
giving it credit for it's the first time
Spielberg flirted with bombs no no no I
take that back I take that back is
heated in 1942 which bombed horribly Oh
but Dan Aykroyd Jim Belushi
his World War two zany comedy I don't
remember this gigantic bomb yeah I don't
remember that one go yeah hook is an
interesting one that that was a 1941 all
right I got the year wrong but
Rufio was an odd choice remember yeah
remember do you remember the review I
remember Julia Roberts being Tinkerbell
I remember Dustin Hoffman as Captain
Hook Dustin Hoffman and uh Robin
Williams was Peter Pan know who wish me
Bob Hoskins is Bob Hoskins Esch me was
great they're my worst movies than hook
yeah that's true I'm hook is a weird
movie is all I'm saying I think that's a
hook is a very strange interpretation of
the Peter Pan Methos you know also just
like a delve into the you know what the
the what if let's let's have a weirdo
what if episode of Peter Pan Wow they
saw you really fast
yep classic bombs come Wow that's gonna
suck Oh that'd cost you yeah I know it
did would you say the acronym Bo TW hurt
helped her had no effect on our LM
viewership Theory could've helped
someone someone searching for Bo TW came
with accidentally came across best of
the worst why not it might have happened
sure stranger things have happened I'm
not happy with us losing those hearts
I'm not happy with that yeah yeah that
was rough that was a rough one well it's
not over yeah that's to look guy up
there actually she probably came out
yeah before you go farting around
absolutely absolutely
doot-doot-doot to do analysis hey guys
have you heard of the new free-to-play
collectible card game Star Trek
adversaries it's freaking amazing
since you guys love slay the spire and
our diehard Trek fans this game is right
up your alley
is it a deck building game or is it a
collectible card game two very different
things
collectible card games being stuff like
Magic the Gathering and pokemons deck
building games stuff like the legendary
series others two guys of thing
Oh back the fuck off and so if it's a
collectible card game I not sure that
would be up richer eyes alley
what game the Star Trek adversaries it's
a card buildi what is that what does
that mean a collectible card game you
buy your cards separately and then you
know build your deck from there a deck
building game everyone starts with this
same opportunity to get each card a
collectible card game or collectible
card games or trading card games are
like the pokemon game or Magic the
Gathering where you can pay to win is
there another guy first things first
Star Trek adversaries online collectible
card game oh so it's gonna be like
hearthstone but with Star Trek I don't
know if Richard would like that
resting twitch face yes rich and I are
both playing God of War
right now resting twitch face no rich
did not bitch about God war the whole
time what when I was playing God of War
oh no no we talked about other stuff it
was a lovely stream oh oh wait is that
did you is that is that a trick dad no
pausing and unpausing to wake your
cellphone if it was I just discovered it
and had no idea that was that was an
intense man I'm being really dumb or not
are you yeah okay I suppose you could
just leave him up there he's not gonna
hurt you well I need to kill everyone to
move on oh but this isn't far I didn't
know there were explosive barrels up
there there's a far better way of
getting rid of that jerk okay
fortunately don't think a cost more like
a quarter hurt so what that that when he
hit me up there okay rich did you get
Majora's Mask yet okay I wouldn't be
able to bring it here anyway that's true
fuck did you miss I got my drawers mask
it's cute I never wear it is to say no
armor no sword run or something no this
is the trial of the sword once you get
the Master Sword did you put the master
sword back in the pedestal and then it
sends you to this area and you have to
beat all these enemies and you lose all
of your equipment yes you start with
nothing not you don't even you don't
even start with a stick you start with
nothing no food no uh no weapons no
shields and you have to slowly build up
your arsenal it's it's the the breath of
the wild of roguelike people always say
the first part it's actually the hardest
okay you're doing pretty good so far
doing pretty good
nice excellent excellent
except it's not randomly generated I
know why no more just the start with
nothing and you'd have to end if you die
you have to start over from the
beginning like I'd drop anything or just
weapons blow opposite anonymous says hey
guys just finished Celeste and had to
recommend the challenging platform
mechanics the music level design and art
are all inspired as deeply themed a game
as I've ever played Jack would love it
alright I hear ya I'm not quite there
let me III think I need to get Bret
breath of the wild out of my system I've
had to take a little break from breath
of the wild for God of War and then I'm
going right back to breath of the wild
but then of course other stuff coming
out that will have to do for work so I
know that Detroit becomes human is
coming out soon do you really want to
yeah could be funny to talk about could
be funny I don't know
the the speedermen comes out soon we'll
have to do that one Oh big whiff big
whiff rich you really want to give David
cage money if it makes for a fun episode
that's all I really care about isn't
speedermen in the fall I I don't know
something comes out in May
I don't know nothing let's see here
Shawn Simona's says most people would
use this as an opportunity to ask you
about the venom trailer but I am more
curious your thoughts on the arrest of
the Golden State killer over in
California that's true I haven't heard
of this you know the thanks to the work
of Michelle McNamara the the recently
deceased wife of Patton Oswalt who was a
true crime novelist she Patton took it
upon himself to get her last book
finished what was her book called
in the in the heart of darkness chat
please what is the name of the the book
by Michelle McNamara oh by the way not
terribly impressed with the venom
trailer Oh we'll get there we'll get
there let's talk about the Golden State
killer which actually is interesting
yeah I'll be gone in the dark Thank You
ho Koopa I'll be gone in the dark which
supposedly is a fantastic true crime
novel because not only is it about the
Golden State killer yeah it's about how
obsessed
Michelle McNamara became about the
Golden State killer and like the two
obsessions melting into one it's
supposed to be a fantastic book I'm
actually really looking forward to
reading it it's on it's on my list of
books to read but because the the book
was such a success they think there was
a renewed interest in the case by local
authorities and by what do you call it
hobbyists hobby amateur detectives that
amateur detectives thank you that's
exactly the word I was looking for and
they think they found him they think
they acted on them and that's very very
exciting
all right yeah so the venom trailer
looks pathetic remember when venom was
just like a like a buff spider-man yeah
now he's a slime monster why is he a
spice event of a slime monster now bit
big because that's how art works he was
a buff spider-man but then someone drew
like one little goopy arm once right
someone said oh that goopy arm looks
really cool so then the next issue
someone drew like three little goopy
arms and then the next issue they gave
it to Todd McFarlane and he was nothing
but goop that was first Todd was first
there were no goop arms
Todd was first with venom I'm Todd was
first I mean I mean he didn't design the
symbiote suit that Spiderman was wearing
regionally I was Rick Lee and Artie no
wait Mike Zack I think designed it okay
then Rick Lee I already drew the first
episode our first issue wasn't sure but
by the time you got to venom being a
character on Eddie Brock first one who
ever drew it was Todd McFarlane he did
the mouth oh okay well he didn't even
draw he didn't even draw crooked teeth
really fucked up teeth came with Erik
Larson Erik Larson thought venom was a
boring character and in hindsight
looking at it as an adult he was
absolutely fuckin right and so in order
in order to entertain himself he did
those issues Erik Larson just
deliberately drew venom as fucked up as
he could just for fun so there's that's
where you get the crooked teeth and the
messed up looking eyes all right so we
have Erik Larson to blame you have all I
mean he didn't well Erik Larson even
that he was just drawing venom with like
the fucked-up eyes too fucked up teeth
he still wasn't a goop monster but he's
okay later
it sounds like Erik Larson started the
snowball into goop monster you know who
who is the first and this is a this will
have to be a question for our amateur
detectives here in the chat who was the
first person to draw a venom as a goop
monster well there's there's levels I
mean extensively like every fucking
panel there's tendrils flying around is
what I'm talking about
yeah venom
throwing punches so much as tendrils are
flying out and grabbing this one yes
he's a tentacle monster and I want to
say that started not with venom but with
carnage they did that with carnage in
order to differentiate carnage from
venom sure and then at some point venom
started taking on the goop monster where
things would fly out to grab people
interesting yeah interesting there's
some cross-pollination mm-hmm I like it
rich goop goop goopy yep so much goop
the costume was always goop but it was
never really used as a weapon right
right right
that started with with carnage and
eventually venom started doing that shit
the trailer looks like it looks cheap
and not fun and it looks like something
out of a CW show and you know I love
them CW shows but they don't got a
budget man you gotta fight a fucking
rock monster
whole man I think and you know obviously
trailers can be deceiving it could it
could be a fine movie to me it looks it
looks rather cheap oh you don't have a
lot of it maybe the axe is your best bed
your axe might not break two hits in but
you know it could be fine could be a
fine movie I'm I'm not very impressed by
the trailer and I think it looks like
Tom Hardy is sleepwalking through the
whole thing I'm Hardy who's a fine actor
why wouldn't he
why wouldn't he sleepwalk the fucking
venom roll because this could you know
this could be his his own little comic
book franchise this could be good money
for him
ah like something out losing much fine
you're doing fine rich no I got I got a
lot of labyrinths to get through
I'd sleepwalk for money yeah
oh also I agree they can't even
pronounce symbiote right because they
always call it a symbiote yeah and that
was weird
that was very weird whatever I
I care so little about this film yeah
I'm with you I'm with you I care very
little for this film OOP Clank you can
crack these things open oh I know I was
just Clank okay empty Oh empty
we're gonna run around the outskirts and
see if we can get up judging treasure
there could be oh they're bombed
let me open these barrels maybe they're
bombed I'm not familiar with spider-man
but shouldn't been MV venom be a nice
contrast to spider-man instead of we
only have venom with no color in the
movie III that's supposed to be the
purpose of venom right is like the the
anti spider-man he's he's a hero isn't
it early Venom's whole shtick like he
would be a hero if only he could get rid
of spider-man because he blames
spider-man it's not like he would be if
he can get rid of spider-man he he sees
spider-man as a villain he venom in
those old issues people always say venom
was better as a villain even when venom
was flat-out spider-man's villain before
venom had his own comic book I believe
there was a couple of times like venom
would stop mid fight to save someone
right that's what I'm saying he was
always an antihero yeah he just in his
twisted view spider-man it was
villainous exactly rejecting him and
ruined ruining Eddie Brock's newspaper
career by finding the real killer Eddie
Brock has always had a weak-ass origin
fuckin weak-ass origin yeah yeah I mean
you know yeah I'm with ya
still venom always yeah even when he was
he was just spider-man's villain yeah
always cared about protecting the
innocent yes the only problem is he saw
spider-man as the enemy yeah absolutely
absolutely
Tom Hardy versus Tom Holland it might be
pretty good you know very fucking yeah
get him yeah it's just one game we'll
only grace me with one look this looks
to be mine this looks to be your first
like clear clear and oh yeah yeah
be happy you get anything just one look
I got a little cooking pot over there
it's fine Oh some meats look at jewel
this is like Christmas
well that just means this about to start
getting harder than my guess shit's
about to start getting real Jack mm-hmm
what the fuck Tom Holland isn't it no
mr. fling I think that was a that was
someone just saying that would be that
would be fun by the way Tom Holland and
Tom Hardy in a movie together like those
two would contrast very nicely Tom
Holland as his G with Peter Parker's Oh
meeting up with this Eddie Brock as you
know Tom Hardy yes I think they would
play very nice together if you're gonna
use venomous villain down the line down
the line
Venom's a weird one to start with oh
yeah yeah well second what I'm saying is
the I would like to see these two actors
play those two characters okay not
necessarily right now this is dream
casting that way that would be very fun
because they are very opposite people or
they can play very opposite people like
oh I don't know mr. Branca maybe we can
go down here and do something fuck off
kid fuck right off the sunken treasure
they'd do something like that they'd
have sunken treasure oh yeah I don't
cook you can cook oh they're fish he
tried to kill opaque you dumbass fish
I thought Tom Hardy was good as bane man
no I don't that's so tough for me
because it's his voice was so
distracting I can't even think about his
acting ability how can you even know
what he was acting like yet a giant
thing on his face don't know you don't
want to cook the fairy that that fairy
is no get out of jail free card that
fairies not being cooked no you need you
need at least a couple fairies at all
times just in case you get bamboozled
what I'm debating is these fish here
okay I'm a fish I cook them individually
just to drag out the you know as much
healing as I'd get for him or should I
cook them all together to try and get
like a triple defense boost oh I can't
make that decision for you I don't
expect you to cook the fairies alright
here's what if you try to cook a fairy
the fairy just flies over the other food
you're cooking and drops sprinkle fairy
dust on it so you don't actually cook
the fairy you get fairy juice yeah is
what you get but a fairy flies away safe
yeah but the fairy the fairy juice that
you get is not as good as the fairy you
want the fairy no no yeah that's that's
a you fucked up and here's your free
chance exactly
which is bolstered by the way I want to
cook fairies well listen now you just
got put on a list now you got put on a
government one goat sausage Jeffrey
Dahmer it is when you say something
horrible but it's because it's true it's
cuz it's true that's why what are we
gonna get right now but uh let's see
here riot Cruces Jack I was going to
recommend the long dark winters of
survivalist game then I remember or do
you survive a frozen nightmare in real
life it's just starting to thaw now and
it's glorious it's so glorious still you
might like it it discourages
base-building I do like that I don't I'm
not a big fan of Base building in
survival games I want to keep moving
chop down the trees and cook them cook
the trees you can't cook wood man I've
never done this I've heard you can make
some kind of hardened food that will
give you like a quarter part if you cook
you can get a ton of wood though if you
bomb all the trees oh it's not a bad
strip but too tedious for me to want to
bother sure well and you won't you have
decent food and items so yeah no need to
worry for now for now when a kids cold
it'd be cool if you could cut open your
horse and live inside it man you guys
are weird
a couple sleepers exact KZ says 20
minutes later why didn't I eat the trees
it's very possible possible possible I'm
sorry I'm trying to make this exciting
yeah you're doing it you're doing great
sonic the hedge II says two questions do
you think it's possible to make a good
venom movie without having spider-man
involved at all no question number two
oh he wasn't having any of them do you
think it's possible for Sony Studios to
make a good venom movie without
spider-man it's it's one of those
situations where you would like to think
like sure given given these right
miracle scenarios there someone could
make a good venom movie without a
spider-man I don't know if I'd want to
see it oh right in the nuts
Oh big with shooting back at you then
the point is venom is spider-man but
evil if you don't have spider-man you
have no comparison
max mats Z volts that's kind of true I
think what Sony is banking on is just
people in general knowing that Spiderman
exists right it's it's it'll be done
poorly because there's not that direct
contrast in the movie but they're hoping
like a people knows what spider-man is
he's a big deal this guy's gonna be like
spider-man but not gangbusters but he's
a tentacle monster he doesn't seem
anything like spider-man
because that's what the fans like
they're like the tentacle monsters
that's what we're gonna get all of our
toys all of our toys or tentacles I know
they said he wasn't in it but are we
sure Spidey doesn't appear yes I'm sure
well because of the Marvel deal I don't
I don't know how this works
I don't know if they can put him in
there if here here's how spider-man is
gonna be in the venom movie he'll be
reading a newspaper and it will have a
picture of spider-man in it yeah that's
it there will be nothing more than than
a passing reference to a spider-man or a
masked hero that swings on buildings
yeah and in the newspaper the photo will
be by Peter Parker and that's it maybe
he'll make some reference to how he used
to have a job at the paper who knows who
cares
nice dodge nice dog courage how would we
feel about a spider-man movie with
Mysterio that would be awesome yeah
that'd be a good fit for for Todd
Holland spider-man yeah
Tom Tom that would be you know you could
do it a lot like like how they're doing
the Legion TV show where it's a lot of
camera tricks and you know like what's
real and what's not and make it a make
it a little like a fun little Wes
Anderson movie yeah yeah that a Mysterio
movie would be awesome big the big bad
super villain who it turns out has
absolutely no superpowers it's great
it's great that's the kind of spider-man
movie you want it's just like he has to
do and and instead of instead of you
know punching his way out of it he has
to do something clever I'll figure this
out because I'm a smart that's where you
start establishing him as like the smart
ya know I'm a smart kid and I
investigate great I love it I love it
and Mysterio is just some schmuck he's
just some schmuck it's gonna be great
didn't you say you didn't like Wes
Anderson no candy for girls I said I do
like Wes Anderson but I haven't seen any
of his recent movies
get it either I don't get it rich I'll
be honest I don't think I get it I don't
think I get it but no I enjoy what
Sanderson I just don't feel the need to
watch any of his movies does this work
yes it works nice nicely done
all that all that uh repost practice is
paying off
yes Evil Dead was canceled which I'm
just gonna be okay with choice how we
could we could protest in the streets
and riot and maybe get some more
episodes and maybe Netflix will pick it
up for a Netflix original they'll pick
up anything let's be honest anything
else in here other than that dude yes
you nice
all right what's the plan bad fall off
that rock okay perfect
well I don't understand how that will
help you but I like it so you can throw
at him that's a good idea
dad you move you've got this rich nice
I think you can get electrocuted if you
win the water he's electric nicely done
nicely done the tick yeah the ticks all
right on Amazon Wow smoke ring oh it's
probably in the water somewhere there
just it's in the water somewhere then
the new tick on Amazon is pretty all
right I I still like cartoon tick best
but it's it's pretty good good good
that Peter Serafinowicz doesn't mighty
fine tick
no patrick warburton version of the tick
is not the best know what never was
never was patrick warburton is a fine
actor and obviously has a wonderful
voice he's amazing and pretty much
everything he does but oh can I remember
his name
something Townsend wasn't Coleman
Townsend maybe Cole Coleman Townsend is
the best tick the voice of the tick in
the cartoon series that is the best tick
hands down no doubt he is great in a
series of unfortunate events yes he's
great most things he's in but yes he's
just not the best tick that's true he's
not even a bad tick just not not the
best tick in fact I wouldn't even call
him the second-best tick because now
that's Peter Serafinowicz I I've seen I
keep forgetting about it I've only seen
the pilot but yeah really good in the
pilot yeah no he's good in the whole
series where is this other treasure
chest treasure chest where where I don't
know
quit teasing me in the corner
it's in the corner rich I said up there
oh it can't be up there how would you
get up there is it in the corner down
there look at your yeah look at your
Stacey's know what how would you get up
logic dictates right it's up there all
right I'll look for a way up I guess
look wait look all around those that
upper edge all the entire way around the
the room maybe there's one that's short
enough that you could hop on what's that
name some good TV shows I need something
to watch currently I'm watching the
expanse Legion killing Eve is a is a
really fun one on BBC America I've been
enjoying that one it's it's not on the
circle of rocks it was another one in L
wait that's different sterling rocks
that's very different circle of products
but the sensors telling me it's in the
corner because you have your sensor
telling you whenever there's a treasure
yes yeah see the just recipe beeping
when I go away from the circle yeah West
world yes I'm also watching West world
that's a good one
yeah I got nothing I might just have to
let it go uh yeah yeah dark if you
haven't seen that on Netflix very good
show I hate you know what and I haven't
been watching Atlanta but I keep
thinking to myself that I need to start
watching it lanta because I do like
Donald Glover and I just haven't gotten
around to it
Oh Westworld season for me I liked it
everything's set up things are happening
it was a nice little reminder cuz when
did the when didn't season 1 wrap-up
felt like two years ago
Oh what this who'd had what this oh he
sees yeah we're fuckin
Oh God Oh God it was to you it was two
years ago well then there you go
yeah Westworld season ended two years
ago and so this the the season premiere
was was was a really nice
hey here's where everyone is now here's
what everyone's up to here are the new
problems but also some gentle reminders
of what happened last season
there's got to be a better way to do
this uh yeah I mean there just has to be
this can't really yeah they just forgot
about you oh you are a dumbass fucking
Thomas that's okay rich lost so much
healthcare you did you absolutely did
these these are the water guys who are
weak to electricity is why rich is a
dumbass for for those watching at home
oh I thought you missed that nice
Child's of furniture says if you guys
are trapped on a desert island and only
had one game to play what would it be
also this would be the first of my
hopefully many bribes to get you to play
Fire Emblem path of Radiance
there are now they're largely disarmed
that's good
then I just poked them with my pokey
stick I think you that's a fine plan as
they come up poking with your pokey
stick
whoa
I might you might have one killed so
that's good I definitely have one killed
nice God rich watch out fine
yeah I think any sort of desert Iowa
games you kind of have to think to
yourself what am I gonna get the most
hours out of right so you know this this
would be up there something like The
Binding of Isaac would be up there for
me I'll hit a pole maybe The Binding of
Isaac that's something that that you
could get so many hours into I have
gotten so many hours into if we're
talking about non internet games that's
probably to go with because you know
riches riches cynical answer would be
yeah you pick a game with some sort of
online chat component and then just tell
people to come and pick you up right the
internet weren't an option no you want
you want longevity yeah yeah I assume
that's the spirit of the question
hmm that shit that was rich I'm not
gonna sugarcoat that that was a really
poor performance thanks jack
Thanks I only say that cuz I want you to
do better my desert island game would be
dwarf fortress different every time well
you know Binding of Isaac is on the same
on that same you know tier of weld or
fortress is more some would say it's
more of a roguelike but it's XCOM for me
XCOM oh yeah you you have so many hours
into the xkxk would it be XCOM one or
xm2 are they hiding these fuckers where
the fuck are they hiding these chests I
thought of cuz yes this is the Master
Sword trials what's with all the D&D;
questions lately fill it fill PhD rich
has never played D&D;
I tried to play D&D; once with a friend
who was really into it he invited me to
hang out with his group and try to learn
it because I I do think it is a game I
would really enjoy
unfortunately the group was very
unwelcoming to me and so that kind of
soured me on the whole experience yes it
is something I want to learn but time
but time and my friend it's take it's
out its out of the building rich it's
glitching it doesn't like it doesn't
like that you're using the sensor but
we've been getting a lot of D&D;
questions lately is it becoming popular
again maybe we got a new fan it goes
over there
is there wait there that's of fury a
ting can you bomb the wall but yeah you
know one of these days maybe I'll have
some extra time and I will I will learn
how to play D&D; there's a I think
there's a few people I know who play who
maybe can teach me maybe like hey why
don't we get a simple game together can
we do that can we get a simple game
together I just want to know the mystery
of that chest
I don't know rich I'm sorry I'm
infuriated blink-blink-blink
blink-blink-blink stranger things and
people are playing D&D; on Twitch oh
that's a really good idea to play D&D; on
Twitch oh stop lying to me chica sensor
it's lying to you rich you can hear it
Jack it's lying to you Baba Yaga Lalo
says Saul vengers yesterday when are you
guys planning on watching him you guys
Rock I think we can't watch it right now
it comes out on Friday or Thursday yeah
one of those like most major
blockbusters I plan on seeing it Monday
morning because that's when I can get
tickets as it sold out everywhere so my
plan is drop the kids off at school
Monday morning grab a big old coffee and
head to the theater that's my official
plan and more importantly my official
plan is to stay the fuck off the
internet all weekend because hole
boy I'm sure it's gonna be spoiler rific
all weekend oh boy you're only at floral
heaven how many floors are there in
segments so you're on floor 11 of 112
there's easy trails okay
middle trials and then the difficult
trials oh so you're on the middle trials
I'm near the end of the middle trial the
easy trails okay cool cool cool - Iron
Man and Captain America kiss there's
enough drawings of that already you
don't need you don't need to see that in
the movie so you're near the end of the
easy trials and then you can leave and
come back or if you die you can start at
the medium trial yes okay cool
a fan house kills dumbledore I know
that's a really dumb joke I am a for 20
year but I like to think of me not
tickle me in just the right way there's
any good way to do this
it's a sneak up on them
yeah well they're all facing this way is
there way you can take that boat and get
behind him
no I don't have a leaf the winds gonna
take me right smack dab in the middle
what some other any are like rocks over
there could you swim over there I'm
calculating right now okay
it is but it's also I'm you know there's
a saying in engineering rich yeah it
ain't dumb if it works like the way you
put these things together is a little
silly well that works and it ain't dumb
if it works I'm more excited for
Jurassic world fallen Kingdom than
infinity Bor I know I watch season
anymore
it looks so awesome it's just everything
everything and everyone I'm I am very
interested in the new Jurassic world
though because fuckin star-lord teams up
with a Velociraptor and they go on a
buddy-cop adventure to stop an evil an
evil corporation and that looks
hilarious
as soon as that second as soon as that
second trailer dropped and we actually
found out what the movie was about it's
like wait a minute he teams up with the
Velociraptor to take up a to take out an
evil businessman that's so great
that's so great
do not spot me this is gonna work
yes maze Mesa volt Jurassic world -
looks like hot garbage in a good way
it looks like they're on the dumb train
but they all know it so they just put
party hats on and are having a great
time
no I don't believe rich ever did play a
link between worlds because no do you
ever thought you have a 3ds I never I
never played a link between worlds I'm
sorry rich rich is a historically not
been a mobile gamer or a handheld yeah I
can't believe this
that's great can I even get up there
I'm added a gba with a backlight and in
playing Pokemon right now that's nice
that's nice I know that was that was one
of my my favorite parts about the first
the first DS that had the the the Game
Boy Advance lot and it was just that
backlight was gorgeous you know the ugly
gray clamshell DS those were great those
were great you sneaky bastard can you
even climb it my god he didn't see the
other ones are kind of looking my way oh
boy but you can just kill him then hop
back down on the ice and they'll forget
about you like crawl on the other side
of the ice
only one thing to do throw bomb you
could probably bomb him right off the
platform right if I can get a sneak kill
in that's prefered then a bomb you might
be able to throw a bomb from behind the
the box there and no one will see you
the bottle make them freak out for a
little bit but they won't see
Oh someone's seen yes someone seeing
yeah nope nope nope
the blue guy sigh yeah I know I did I
know I did I'm not backseat gaming I'm
giving him some suggestions rich is in
control I'm just here helping I'm here
for the color commentary oh can you can
you knock him off the platform cuz these
guys drown right they can't swim you're
right you're right I'm yeah why no buffs
guys cuz I'm gonna need all that shit
for healing man yeah if the shit
if the shit goes down that's that's
riches back up
what's with the spike in people playing
breath of the wild a ton in the last few
days it's a great game and actually
there was there was a lull for a while
in new games coming out and I think they
wanted to go back and replay a fucking
masterpiece
oh nice shooting nice shootin or one the
shut one the kill it's great it's just a
great game and they said to themselves
man I feel like playing a great game
what's out nothing breath of the wild it
is
Oh
boom-boom rich no boom you're doing it
you're fucking doing it link is now a
Soviet sniper yes Oh busy throwing rocks
at you yep that dickhead
what's an unbelievable dickhead that's
right there ain't no music down there
that's true that's true
what'd you do that for I thought it
would blow him off of the platform
apparently just wounded his ass yep
you've got fire arrows yeah James I
Cameron yes we will be reviewing god of
war for God of War 2018 right the new
God of War I I think I'm almost done
with it I'm at a point in the game now
where it feels like it's the end and I
don't know if it is or not but it feels
like it's the end I'm sure you've got a
lot more talking to get through click
that click that button oh nice nope
didn't knock him off take that dummy
that's just wishful thinking kind of
kind of wishful thinking I think there
are there are good aspects and bad
aspects to the game and you you will
hear my thoughts in a full review
so we'll see this in ten I heard were
the B levels of the master trials that
were really killing people this and ten
the one just before this with the
lizards oh okay I could see that this is
this without using your super sneak
powers this seems to be really tricky
but I think I think you got this figured
out here if you can knock him off the
edge you might have something did you
forget about you think you've got it
okay great
this is level 12 bridge or this is level
11 Oh rich you beautiful monster put it
down you fucker
yeah now come and chase me come and
chase me oh god get out of there No Oh
didn't knock him back it was a valiant
effort absolutely
fortunately he gets bored easy that's
not a bad idea Jim doc says you stasis
what if you stasis him and then like
throw a weapon at him why is that enough
to stagger about you know not that you
necessarily want to waste a weapon but
don't you have just like a regular
stinks fear that you could waste I've
been I've been hoarding too much
actually so I think I probably get away
with shit yeah yeah yeah yeah stasis
bomb throw spear oh wind help get that
ready
and oh fuck it
he's a big meanie
yeah no I know him
oh nice
oh Jesus growl that was nasty
Wow now here with the bomb
careful careful he's picking up a thing
I don't feel great the DLC yes shiny
guys site this is the hope this is the
trial of the sword DLC where you have to
start
nicely done wrench thank you nicely done
thank you you have to go through X
amount of levels starting from scratch
no food no equipment no clothing and and
make it all the way to the end this is
level 11 of the first set of trials so
there's one more level after this to get
through the all of the easy trials
nicely done
the film and just that easy just that
easy barbarian link is easy on the eyes
don't you think Jack I like the pants I
like the barbarian pants a lot I find
myself wearing those just for kits
kicks cuz it feels wrong for link the oh
of course
boy you like it you like it though the
whole barbarian getup I think is a
little much but I like some of it I just
oh you fucker I did just get the the
Dark Link outfit because I finally ran
into the the monster guy yeah yeah I
think that's cute right now I'm working
on getting the the skeleton outfit
because I think that's funny the glow in
the dark skeleton outfit yeah so nice
fire arrow
but there's a lotta there's a lot of fun
outfits in the game nope I've got to get
on to doc get on the doc wasting my last
minute of Defense yeah yeah you do I
wear the climbers gear because you're
always climbing that's that is also true
once you get the full sorry how to
breath once you get the full set of
climbers gear you just you scream up
those mountains and I do think the
Barbarian pants look really good with
the climber shirt and hat and so then if
you're climbing up a mountain and
there's a fight right after you just put
on the Barbarian pants and then if it
gets a little cold you can put on like
the the mullet hair that's good for the
cold the mullet hair the climber gear
and the Barbarian pants and then you're
like a hipster like a hipster bike
messenger looks it looks great
mmm I'm swimming I'm not gonna have
another chance to cook here I don't
believe the climbers gear and negates
rain it just makes you climb faster if
oh my god
that was amazing if there was an outfit
that negated rain it would be the first
outfit anyone ever got $8,000 DLC yeah
people would do it in-game currency
8,000 rupees and they would do it
immediately they would do that before
getting anything else I do like to play
dress-up you've seen me play these games
I love playing dress-up the outfits are
part of the fun
all right let's go
this is ed the final level of the EZ
trial rich you're doing great I think I
am I mean you've made it this far so you
know oh man you have so many arrows
you're fine this is a good this is a
good final boss though yeah for the easy
trials oh man I won't like pray for the
for the difficult one you probably have
to fight a Lionel I guess and I've seen
it don't tell me I've seen it don't tell
me I wanna I want to experience it
can you probably not gay for quarters we
don't want to we don't want to stir up
some shit I fought dirty in this fight
absolutely you're fighting to win
that's what Master Splinter taught us is
there there is no fair fight you only
fight to win fuck it take him out rich
take him out
the steel I'll be doing trying to bars
feed
I've got again there you go there you go
talk about
right in the dick right in the hi knocks
dick boom
fuck them up
right in the hi Nuggets excellent joke
boom and oh my god that's horrifying
that's horrifying that's a fetish
somewhere oh he got smart oh not that
smart
gee oh oh Jesus
killing it rich absolutely killing it
whoo absolutely kill the man literally
and figuratively I guess I don't need
any of this shit but fuck it I'm taking
it
I earned it it's my shit what I mean you
don't need any of it this is I think
this is like that was a last boss
oh you don't keep any of it nothing for
the mad dick punching strats absolutely
that's it that's how I deal with those
guys
all right that's part of the joy of this
game like the first time you run into
one of those high knocks is you are
scared shitless yeah like those guys or
even even like uh-huh finals the
Lionel's or the modest tests of strength
where you just like how the fuck do I do
this but once you know how to do it it's
like oh yeah just one of those guys
models are the funnest thing in the game
mm-hmm Oh Lionel's can suck man bacon
suck they're great I say that in a
positive way dan and and dan yes this is
the the trial of the sword DLC can
somebody look up why I wasn't able to
get any of this treasure chest what was
up with that shed
no one has a good answer for you rich
yeah no one has a good answer for you
it's just it just you can't it's because
the game doesn't like you specifically