Moonlighting Hack Frauds (pt 2)
June 6, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvTBr-oTyVA

you're the one says rich you know I like
your pronunciation better TI Jung
killer7 is coming out for PC thank you
both for that PS how does gifting stuff
to you guys
function if you want to gift us a game
on Steam there's an option to email it
to someone when you buy a game you say
is you know either you say this is for
me or this is a gift and then you just
send it to prereq at red letter media
dot-com I believe there is a similar
gifting system with GOG games where you
can email it to someone and that's
probably the best way to do it yeah
so yeah bring the film doesn't have to
be 48 hours runtime no shit ah never
either of you played the state of
decayed to yet I'd love to see your
review it's basically the first game
though with co-op
now that's underwhelming I like the
first game well enough with the second
was just just like the first but with
co-op uh I you know rich Evans rich
Evans don't give no shit about co-op
right rich Evans games alone I would
just get in his way
it should be in the fucking back again I
that was one time twice twice you shoot
a guy in the back one time and never
forgets did you shoot me when were
driving in the car once well that was
just an accident that was gonna shoot
you in the back situation that was that
I just shot accidentally it's
disappointing to hear because I like
state of decay okay yes yeah they did
state of decay I always want to call the
dead said hmm that's my own personal
Mandela effect sure it was good but
something felt it felt like half-baked
okay
didn't feel like they were telling a
complete story so if it's just like the
first one with co-op that means they
fixed nothing and added something I
don't care about chair oh wait these
rooms I can go down no okay all right
there's a healing pool
we're closely linked to the the clip of
Jack check your screen it would that
clip doesn't have enough views compared
to some of our other famous clips that
clip is very underappreciated fun stuff
it was fun stuff it's very silly oh yeah
yeah you know it happens III Maxo
dentists I have to deal with a person in
chat now I am definitely not into mmo's
so it's a I guess it's cool if they want
to turn to state of decay into an MMO
type of thing but yeah
it's a pretty decent haul
all right so what I'm remember you said
on the enemy Ridge yeah but I didn't
shoot Jack I'm not saying I'm brilliant
at pump G quite the opposite
lutely says i sent you the same to a
twice same tip twice who cares
not me bangerang bangarang
bangarang
ah okay now it stays there all right yes
I I know I like Friday the 13th and I
know I I like rocket League there are
exceptions to every rule but in general
in general as a general rule then there
are exceptions to I forgave me alone
what that's highway well fine like you
gonna ask me rich wouldn't you love to
play so the breath of the wild co-op and
I would answer you know
the cells of breath of the wild co-op no
I think I think that's one of the mods
really I think so it's either currently
a mod or something they are working on
interesting but as I'm not interested I
did not look into it further right
what rank at my own rocket League in
three versus three or the others um I
don't know that I'm very high in three
versus three because I mostly enjoyed
playing 2 V 2 O 2 V 2 is great that's
intense though I think I got to the
bottom tier Gold the last time I was
playing but it's been it's been so long
I hope that's things stays there
I made an oopsie rich 2 V 2 is where is
where rocket League gets very oh good
gets very nerve-wracking oh I love to be
- oh yeah yeah but like you know 3 V 3
is uh is a little more is it a little
more loose you know you have two other
people in your peripheral that can cover
your ass if you fail oh yeah into your
partner's a dipshit yeah you're done or
if you're a dipshit you feel like
garbage nothing's worse than when you
start of a match - V - and my partner
just wants to sit the net and be goalie
and I'm like how the fuck am I supposed
to score you have to I like TV because
you have to be a little bit flexible
into V - mmm you don't necessarily want
somebody who's just dedicated on defense
now you you can stick around half ready
to go back in a hurry right don't sit in
the goal you need to you need one well
and by the way you never want to sit in
the goal because anyone who can make the
shot it doesn't matter if you have full
boost they're gonna make the shot
whether you're in the goal or not like
you need to play a little more forward
even if you're on defense but then yeah
if it's - V - you need to be there for
the assist as well that's why I like
that's why like - V - yeah
yeah it's great okay
crap I don't need to marry you I should
sell you I'm assuming they knock you
down if you haven't played long enough
or do they have like start a new season
or something and I'd be reset anyway Oh
proud I'm sure my rankings are all on
the toilet right now yeah yeah of course
I think you have to Rio penny season
rich what's alike more 2 V 2 or 2 versus
2 well 2 V 2 saves you 2 syllables and
anybody who isn't a dipshit knows what
you're talking about
so I go to V 2 damn yeah maybe get your
shit together man you're also probably
just a bit rusty in rocket League oh I'm
sure I am look I haven't I haven't
played in a while now
there's a Jurassic Park DLC there's a
Jurassic Park cars DLC well or you know
the furred there's a everything they do
now is loot crate 10% know what I'm
saying
point zero three percent chance to get
the item you want yeah I'm work crates
lol well they're doing yeah they're
doing a Jurassic Park DLC where you can
get the G the Jurassic Park jeeps I used
to I used to support the deal scene
because I like them yeah they did you
know I want that car that car cost two
bucks I'll buy that car yeah but now
that they started their loot crate crap
I haven't had a budget though you know
also because I haven't been playing but
even before I just stopped playing I
stopped buying shit once they started
doing the loot crate crap agreed agreed
one day plenty of my are doing fine
with the loot crate Scranton
please stop playing shitty indie games
this sucks
bye goodbye look if you want us to play
The Last of Us it's it's just not gonna
happen that's not us man you don't have
to be here to watch man you just be you
go we go someplace else
we have a tendency to like indie games
please shit we like there's there's
there's a whole internet out there man
full of full of fantastic things to
watch you don't you don't have to be
here you can find him someone else is
playing Counter Strike right now right
this very right this very moment Counter
Strike go yeah I believe in you you can
do it thanks for coming by though we
appreciate it
that's Pascal says yeah pest skill the
skill Pascal is donate of a wager that
would be fantastic
donating a wager this is some of pesco
so I get a simple tip here I get to
listen and chuckle at work to the
youtube uploads okay favorite breakfast
cereal peanut butter Captain Crunch
kills it for me but I keep I keep a
little I keep it to once per year as a
treatment love the rlm crew thanks for
the laughs well you can only get it in
October these days but Frankenberry
otherwise I'm quite fond of Apple Jacks
and there's a generic there's a generic
Lucky Charms that I like more than I
like Lucky Charms
I was marshmallow marshmallow matey's
marshmallow mateys marshmallow mateys
yeah and I'm not a big fan of cereal
i-i've never been a big fan of breakfast
cereal oh I don't I don't have it often
but when I do those are my go-to okay no
and and you know if I have a go - like
splurge E breakfasts like a sweet
splurge E breakfast I'm going pop-tarts
all the way yeah all the way I could be
popped
I could eat pop-tarts all day every day
I love them I mean the pastries is
they're just they're Donuts they're thin
doughnuts but no I'm a savory breakfast
person I like eggs and bacon and that
kind of stuff so I'm not a I ain't one
of them serial type persons
I know well we get more Friday the 13th
streams probably less and less as time
goes on I don't know how I don't know
how long there's gonna be a community of
people playing multiplayer games
as one of the reasons I don't like
getting in the multiplayer is because
you know in like a few more years
there's gonna be literally nobody
playing Friday the 13th so for like my
favorite game ever that would just be
depressing mm-hmm oh we've had we've hit
some sort of glitch yep my controller is
working but I can't select anything in
menu oh my god oh here I can select
stuff it was probably some kind of
reasoning that's probably not a glitch
there's probably something going on
looking at the crafts and better grafted
before this yeah showed it for a second
but now it's gone
you have to hit the button first select
no see look look it shows it for a
second are you not able to craft those
things so it's not going to highlight
them no you can still look at everything
I do not know what to tell you this is
glyph this is what we call a good one
I'm gonna do I'm gonna go in my house
and I'm gonna go outside my house and
when I see if that fixes it that Rhys
does that reset you Forge man what is
happening let's go talk to that lady
maybe she can help
you sold ingredients you needed to craft
the upgrade Jack in all caps no I didn't
know I didn't in all caps look look look
look do you not have them on you know
that well they take him from the their
chests sure yeah
are you sure 100 behind hundo percent
alright alright see my chest full of all
my ingredients I'm fine tell Jack look
in the bottom right hand corner of the
screen when he's talking to the
blacksmith okay thank you that's what I
need what is these what is he saying in
the bottom left hand corner I'm looking
in the bottom left-hand corner
right hand corner oh yeah but right now
I'm not so I'm not selected on I don't
want that whatever it's selected on I
see like look at top top right corner is
fabric bandana I don't want a fabric
bandana okay I'm trying to select
anything else in there's only one other
thing that menu right right but no no
rich I can't select anything okay
see well doesn't even look like the one
thing you're talking about is
highlighted exactly like it's this is a
bug I'll tell you what why you saved
yeah I'm saved what are you now you're
talking
now you're talking a little bit above I
tried using the keyboard and the same
thing happened you go one says rich
you mentioned mark Wade's irredeemable
sometime before
no I didn't I did Jack did okay
projected Jack is the one who currently
reads comic books yes I have not set
foot into a comic book store in possibly
over a decade
did you read insufferable it's Batman
and Robin if Batman was Robins actual
father and Robin decided to strike a
deal with Nike what Nike yes is Nike a
villain in the Batman universe assuming
he made a shoe deal as Robin okay oh
okay maybe like he he was kind of maybe
he was a spoil he sold out he was a
spoiled kid yeah didn't he didn't earn
it he didn't respect the mantle of Robin
okay I haven't read that I liked I liked
what I read of irredeemable though
Richi mentioned that you were a princess
well well technically I did mention that
I was a prom queen rich is not a
princess rich is the fucking fraud I
never made any claims to being a
princess right I believe here we go see
so now see in the menu how I can like
select things it was just a glitch okay
and I should yes and see here I have all
of the things I needed so everyone just
settled down all the things I needed to
upgrade my my fighter gloves will McGill
two five six one of the chances Jack
Jack our comic books still a mess like
they were ten years ago yes what uh what
a weird and ambiguous question comics
are always gonna be a mess it's a it's a
it's a never comic books are neverending
story lines by design no DC ends them
all the time fucking start over but see
that's not ending um that's just
returning given you just churning right
you're just churning the same shit and
so I think no matter what comics will
always be a mess and you're always gonna
have high points and you're always gonna
have low points but there's Lobos like a
goth now yeah sure sure
turn it around what is he coming out now
now he's a medieval knight why not turn
it again sorry
turn it again what is he now a
businessman playboy just keep going keep
churning so wait that's not what I want
to do
so yes comic books are mess but that's
not necessarily a bad thing is maybe
what I'm saying comic books are just
gonna be a mess and we have to accept
that as fans I guess that's what I'm
referring to stupid ideas mixed with
constantly stopping and rebooting
characters well it sounds like the
rebooting has gotten even worse a Marvel
who once built built their empire on a
solid continuity seems they've just
thrown that continuity into the fucking
trash like 30 times
eat on it yes I just picked up their P
and put it back in the trash and then
churned it out again like that's and
it's it's just like I said it's just
part of these things these these are the
same stories and characters that we've
had for a long time
and they're they just never stop but you
know there's there's always gonna be
good in there as well even if they
reboot there will be good because there
are good artists in the world who love
comic books so you might have to you
have a remember Thor horse remember that
remember when Thor was a goddamn horse a
woman Jane Foster Thor I don't know okay
I just don't know it's too much Thor
hasn't interacted with with Kamala
recently so I that's my extent of
knowledge
right
jimin's yeah don't you be broken notes
rich baby Yaga doesn't have chicken legs
her house does when when the fuck that I
ever claimed babba Yaga had chicken legs
what does this ever happened I don't
know yeah Gus House has chicken legs
I've talked about that aspect of baby
yoga
what's a Russian folklore thing okay and
her house has chicken leg Ross's chicken
legs they can get up and walk away
first of all that's great yeah but I I
never claimed that she had chicken legs
and I'm wondering what this person is
getting that that they would be
correcting me about it a baby Yaga who
i've not talked about on stream for like
eight months I don't know who is Captain
Marvel by the way is she linked with
Doctor Strange power-wise no Captain
Marvel is strong and can fly Captain
Marvel is the former Miss Marvel and
she's just really strong and can fly and
possibly die invulnerable she has weird
powers if you knew like think about
rogue in the x-men cartoon remember how
rogue was really strong and could fly
she was like Superman that's Miss Marvel
miss Marvel's Superman without the laser
eyes okay that's her power set right now
she's not magic
she gets her powers from aliens I think
she's a former Miss Marvel now Captain
Marvel cuz now Miss Marvel is Kamala
Khan who has stretchy
Biggi Grohe powers
you Kamala Khan still super popular or
some kind of numbers dropped no I think
the the the problem is when looking at
comic book numbers yeah a lot of people
look at what look at physical sales and
if you look at physical sales comic
books across the board have dropped but
digital sales are rather healthy okay
still for Kamala not not groundbreaking
because comics is still as crazy niche
market but uh that's fine yeah you know
what her and you know she had a her let
her latest collection of stories it was
pretty outright she had it she had some
good runs
she had an in she had an interesting
thing she's kind of right now she's kind
of wavering for me though like I don't
think they know what to do with her at
the moment which sucks but you know
who's having a lot of fun is that that
moon girl and devil dinosaur they're
having a lot of fun they're getting
weird powerful gloves more powerful
arrows more powerful gloves is what we
want I don't know
nope that's not what I want because I
don't have no oh I don't have enough
gold for either of those Oh fine I
didn't want I don't want your
enchantments anyway rich you said on an
episode of best of the worst and you
were having to stay in Jays uncle's
graveyard to get his inherent parodies
well I said what specifically we talked
about the Babbitt yet baby yeah you did
we you did mention Baba Yaga I'm sure I
didn't say that she has chicken legs you
maybe something got weird in the editing
process but I'm well aware I am well
aware that it is her hot that his
chicken legs because Betty Yaga is in
quest for glory and you have to find a
way inside of her hut which is walking
chicken wings so I am well aware that
it's the hut that has the chicken legs
that makes sense now I I
whilst D India huh many of the manuals
you know have like all you know sketches
and illustrations and one of the
sketches is of a group of adventurers
fighting a house with chicken legs and I
kept thinking to myself what a strange
monster but apparently that is uh that
is oh wait no no I have my thing I have
my thing why am I going there rich I'm a
dummy I'm a big dummy I have a portal
already hey teleport nope teleport I
have a portal
thank you store a storm Templar I was
about to fire I forgot that I had a
portal but I remember now everything's
good hopefully we still get that quest
for glory stream at some point it
wouldn't be a smooth stream though
there's there's a little bit of grinding
involved with quest for glory
if it were pure Sierra style puzzling
that'd be one thing but it's it isn't
necessarily that sure like if you want
to try and sneak pass an area you're
you're sneaking stat has to be
appropriately leveled you want to pick a
lock
well your your lock picking needs to be
appropriately leveled and and leveling
that shit up is awfully tedious gotcha
awfully T is I have no idea why it's
designed that way just tight and you
know get get people's time into it right
you got it you got a design time sinks
that's tomorrow the story
get them time sinks
you want to make sure people get their
money's worth out of your games and
sometimes that means time mr. Joshua TX
says perhaps a review of one of Frank
Decker classics night of the creeps or
Monster Squad I don't remember anything
about night of the creams because I
think the last time I saw it I was a wee
lad
sure and I don't have particularly fond
memories of Monster Squad the the first
time the the first and only time I've
seen Monster Squad was that night that
we watched frozen at Monster Squad yeah
it's cute it's cute
I have I have honestly just no really I
have no strong feelings about Monster
Squad other people might I'm not one of
them yeah
Pro Austin C says apologies if anyone
made a similar joke but I was
disappointed that biscuit was first out
of his hurt contract so that I could get
another white male throwing their
opinions at me on the hit series
previously recorded damn shame many
people have made that comment on the
latest video I rolled you son of a bitch
I rolled damn it damn it Jack do you
have any interest in receiving a
point-and-click adventure game called
the cave as a gift I might have it Jack
might have it that sounds familiar
oh is that the Ron Gilbert game I don't
know I never I never got into the point
and clicks I know no no I think it's a
recent like after um after they had Ron
Gilbert come back for oh shit what was
the Double Fine adventure game after Ron
Gilbert came back for a bit of broken
age and that was very successful in the
Kickstarter Ron Gilbert wrote a new
adventure game here's here's two
comments back to back okay the cave was
pretty good the cave wasn't good from
what I've heard
back to back this is all we got to deal
with chat everytime this is exactly what
we have to deal with every single time
this is why we have trust issues
bran flakes 4547 says quick reminder to
rich you would love System Shock 2 it's
like dead space if it were actually
scary so yeah you're comparing it to
dead space not thief because then I was
made by well some of the same people I
find that interesting yeah like for
riches sake you want to sell them on the
floor thing 1 Deus Ex has got a better
comparison than dead space and it's made
by the same game directories thief there
you go I tipped enough money to buy the
game last time but I'm between jobs
right now cheers friends
um I am certain I have a copy
System Shock 2 yeah that's a classic
Bioshock is a better comparison well you
do know that Bioshock is the spiritual
sequel to System Shock 2 but they didn't
have the rights to System Shock 2 so
they just made a different shot game
they made a different game in somewhat
similar style and there's a very good
reason why Bioshock is a game you would
want to compare it to System Shock
sounds like this sounds like a bunch of
horse hockey
maybe they were commenting more about
the story of System Shock 2 and dead
space having similar ideas monsters on a
cramped ship we're talking about games
though that's a horrible way to compare
things fair games with similar gameplay
usually that is what is done this is
when you get into it was just like
Helldivers when it's nothing like
Helldivers because it's a person who
hasn't gone uncharted 4
it's just like Helldivers it's just a
bad comparison
hopefully Helldivers and ages I'm
assuming nobody plays it anymore because
it's a multiplayer focused game yeah
well I wonder oh wow I wonder if people
play Helldivers anymore
what do you think chat do people play
Helldivers anymore that was a lot of fun
that Helldivers yeah I remember
Helldivers yeah that's a good time we
had some good streams some good streams
good plane health average says 180
players on average a hundred Steve
eighty 180 not 180,000 180 yeah so that
games choking out that's a big fat nope
right and then at a certain point
they're gonna stop they're gonna stop
you know maintaining the servers they're
probably all really good and they would
probably all be frustrated with you for
being busty
we're not playing it whatever they think
the right way is mmm zero people were
playing forty one minutes ago the plan I
know I know and everyone loves to point
out that that rich loves you know rocket
League and Friday the 13th but here is
the downswing of multiplayer only game
but I am very aware of I'm like this is
this that's part of the reason I avoid
getting into a multiplayer game I want
to fall in love with the game and then
nope it's gone now you're gonna play
ting I nobody plays it you're fucked
yup yeah
is there a single-player option
Helldivers plays like crap single
players - it's way too hard well you can
get away with some of the easier
missions if you're playing it a little
bit stealthy yeah but it's I mean it is
you can't you can play a single player
it doesn't work as well yeah it's it's
just not designed it's just not designed
for that
but presumably we would lose interest
and stop playing it as the same time as
everyone else it's called The Zeitgeist
wrench I don't think like other people
I'm sorry right and you know the what
the point what the point is is sure you
you might lose interest but then maybe
one day you go oh you know what I'm
cravin you know what I'm craving rich
right now I'm craving a little breath of
the wild yeah and so you know what I do
stick breath of the wild oh oh great
five years from now I stick it into play
have you played a game right you notice
playing last night huh doom doom came
out 1993 right and so that's that's one
of those things when you when you when
you buy something you you expect to you
know use that thing whenever you want
right until you know and and that's the
downside the multiplayer has upsides and
downsides and there's no arguing that I
personally think that the upsides can
outweigh the downsides because I maybe I
play old games more often than the
average person don't know I don't care
but it's what I do
well you know there's there's downsides
and there's upsides and I think to me
the the the challenge and the the joy
that I get from completing the challenge
of multiplayer games playing against the
most dangerous game humans multi is
worth it
multiplayer works when you can host your
own server if you just want to play with
three other people Jack you are
literally the only other person I know
who plays games you're like literally
out of everyone I am close to are the
only other person well there you go well
host a server rich I hop on I have
plenty of these I know I just sold those
but I think I have plenty of them oh gee
doom and Wolfenstein give me a headache
now like like how so turn turn head Bob
off that might be your problem don't you
tell me how many I have that would be
nice it'd be really nice if it told me
like how many vines I have like in my
keep those I guess oh I know I have a
million rods I don't need any more rods
what are your opinions in physical media
going away in favor of digital
downloading well it depends upon whether
or not I can back up that digital
download yeah uh yeah and you know I'm
I'm a big fan I have a big fat hard
drive just like a lot of shit backed up
uh-huh and honestly I should probably
get a third you know second I should
probably get a second backup for my
backups of all of my shit oh well if you
don't have a second then you don't have
a backup well no I mean oh okay I have
the you know the original on my computer
but I got a second hard drive sure how
much shit on it I should really have a
secondary backup sure sure
it won't hurt it won't hurt to have
another copy of all the stuff using the
cloud I don't trust the fucking cloud
then you got a man shit that's giving
somebody else control your ship then you
got to make sure that that company ain't
going anywhere cuz oh yeah speaking of
trust in the fucking cloud right yeah um
my script writing software yeah is is
internet-based okay I use I use Adobe
story bundled in with Adobe's Creative
Suite Adobe a fairly large and
respectable company all of a sudden they
they say you know what nobody's using
Adobe story we're shutting it down we're
shutting it down so yeah all my scripts
all my everything gotta have your own
backups
oh no well and you know they gave me
plenty of time to down okay okay but the
moral of the story is like it's an
online service from a big company that
they're shutting down look at luckily
they get like they they're not shutting
down until next year yeah but and so
they give you a full year to download
all your stuff and they give you all
your stuff in PDF form and they're
really nice about that but there's a
cloud service that I never would have
thought would have gone away because
it's from a big company but not
profitable
got to go somewhere else now see you
sucker bye right yeah got fine new
script writing software I don't use my
hard drive don't use your hard drives in
raid nope
rate is well depends what type of raid
you're talking about
I heard there's some versions of raid
we're basically just it's functions like
a backup I don't know but the raid the
way I usually think of it as one they
have they they increase the speed of
speed of your hard drives by running
like three hard drives at once a part of
the information is on one hard drive and
basically if you have three hard drives
and raid it triples the search time
because three hard drives are looking
for the same information at once the
problem is you're tripling your your
potential failure points right but you
can also set up a raid to kind of split
a hard drive into two different
partitions
that's just partitioned hard drive oh
you're right you're talking about having
two hard drives in one p in one PC two
or more or two or more you're right
basically did in theory if you you're
running a raid and it doubles or triples
the speed of your you know search from
your hard drives just think about how
many how many hard drives are using sure
but then wouldn't that have like
wouldn't that be basically built-in
backup
no because it's splitting this part of
the information on one drive like you
have one movie part of the movie might
be on the first it's the way it works
it's not quite like that
oh okay that is very different than how
I understand well there's different
types of raid so I don't know exactly
what they're referring to there's some
types works basically a backup huh
you're thinking about raid0 rich yeah
cuz that was that raid0 was really cool
but I never really set up a system that
used it raid 1 is the simplest that
basically just mirrors all the data
between two drivers I've never set set
that up I've always just put a second
hard drive in an external enclosure and
they just manually copied the
information might be smart of me if I
did set that up or I'd like the backups
were already in there but mm-hmm yeah
there's a there's a really great Apple
feature called time machine and
basically if you have a nice sized
external hard drive hooked up to your
Mac not only does it save all your files
it saves fucking everything everything
you do on your computer so if you mess
up anything you can say you know what
just go back ten minutes
I fucked up everything for ten minutes I
deleted all these files I changed I
changed a bunch of Word documents I have
made this edit everything I did in last
ten minutes I hated loop and it just
restores everything for the last ten
minutes it just automatically does
everything all the time really great
feature let me see if I get explained
raid0 better because I think I did a
very poor job okay guys you can do it
rich I believe in you the r8 raid zero
would treat multiple hard drives like
there were one hard drive so let's say
hypothetically you have a comically slow
hard drive it's comically slow yeah you
know when you go up to load a file from
this hard drive it takes your computer
three minutes to find the file it's
looking for because it's insanely slow
right but you have this three of these
hard drives set up and raid your
computer's gonna treat that like one
hard drive so your computer searching
all three disks at once so it would
basically triple your speed of looking
for that information
hmm you wouldn't think it would work
like that because technically you're
looking over the same well if you have
one like Ireland sizes of every like
we've had one hard drive that was three
terabytes that's the hard drive it takes
three minutes to find the information on
yeah you know one one three terabyte
hard drive but if you had three one
terabyte hard drives it would treat that
like one three gigabyte hard drive and
you have it searching for three disks at
the same time for that one file hmm I'm
just gonna go ahead and you did you did
I'm just gonna believe you how about
that can I do that is it that guy this
hurts yeah I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not
gifted with gabba not doing a great I'm
not a good I'm not a good teacher not
doing not doing you know a great not not
totally if it looks what's going on
about that is the worst explanation kind
of sounds like it you know I'm just
gonna shut up I was gonna shut up now
I'm done all right that's fine
those things that way
you must skip ahead here skip ahead and
that's UPS do it
bran flakes 4547 says it's like dead
space and the fact that you're stranded
on a space station and you use audio
logs to find backstory otherwise the
games are very superficially similar lol
fuck you guys when you try to sell a
game on somebody you really want to use
the superficial comparisons it's really
to really give them a good idea what the
game is like but by that by that
admission it's also just like alien
isolation and by that admission it's
also just like lovers in a dangerous
space-time that also takes place on the
space station
just like Dhoom 3 it's it's just like
doom 3 like I get I get what you're
saying like me you know Pro Austin C
says Jack consider doing a second prereq
quick F yet you got to do something more
than once to establish it and I know it
does save you editing time maybe a short
review of an older game like you did
with bayonetta love you all yeah you
know the quick app is there as an option
it's there as an option the we've a
little bump I have found a few ways I
found a few things to do on my end to
speed up post-production of regular
episodes yeah
and so hopefully that'll help I found it
I found a new way of pre marking my
gameplay footage one uh one of the
things that takes me the longest in
editing is not actually the splicing
it's finding appropriate gameplay
footage and so you know what that means
is rich and I just talked about the the
back-and-forth battles in battle tech so
now I need to look through all of the
footage I have to try to find the right
clip of back and forth battle to
illustrate what we're talking about and
you know you scrub through you try to
find a right area and you watch it you
like that's the most hours is just
trying to find those right clips right
what explaining raid point you you need
to you need to like watch a series of
YouTube videos just so you fully
understand and then you come back okay
guys I got it I know I know we didn't go
on go on go on
and so IIIi now use a program called a
live longer part of the Adobe suite so
as I'm playing the game and recording
the gameplay footage I can actually make
markers and notes on my iPad for
specific things that I think we might
talk about like oh here's a cutscene
that's kind of interesting oh here's a
battle play mechanic that was just
introduced to me that was you know kind
of interesting this might be something
we talk about oh here this happened and
so that way when I go through my footage
instead of trying to scrub through all
of it I can just go to the individual
markers and each marker has a little
note that I can attach to it so that
that'll that helps that helps save a
little time Battletech I feel like I got
out pretty swiftly yeah I feel like I
did a decent job with that one those
missions feel the same so that was
really easy scrubbing through all that
footage but you know so I'm trying to
speed things up on my post-production
end so that even even when we do film
them we can get them out quicker our set
is now fairly setting eyes you know what
I don't think the backgrounds were that
reflective in the
video yeah I don't think they were
terribly distracting how do you feel
about the background in the West and the
battle tank review chat there look lossy
and shiny and bad or did those those
things behind us look good we fucked
around with the lighting for quite we
did hold on before we move on to that I
want a fort or fire is making a snarky
comment that I'd like to shut right the
fuck down
yeah fort or fire says one an innovative
Apple feature a notepad like oh you're
just writing notes but this actually
syncs with my gameplay footage and so
like I start recording the gameplay
footage I hit a button that
automatically syncs it so then when I
move that gameplay footage into my
editing software you know if you've ever
seen an editor you know your clip is
like a rectangle then on that rectangle
automatically are little markers at the
exact time that I made the note so it's
not just like I'm looking through a
notebook and I say at 20 minutes I did
this and then I have to go through the
timeline and go to the 20 minute mark
like that it automatically does
something so fortifier fuck right off
secondly our shiny backgrounds yeah I
think they looked alright but I've come
up with another option okay just in case
but I still think the glare drives me
nuts and it's it's it's kind of bad it
is kind of bad right but I've come up
with another option which is basically
the same thing but we print it on fabric
will they print on fabric maybe okay and
then maybe it won't be so gloss okay
couldn't be more mad well that was the
what happened you tried to get man right
it is matte it's as mad as they come the
the thing that we have in the background
right now is as matte as they make them
like 75 and it's still very glossy so
them's is the brakes unfortunately five
okay
Chennai I wanted to like Battletech I I
wanted to I know that about you every
you're really excited to play battle I
was every battle kept playing out
basically the same way terribly
interesting going on yeah I'm with him
no I know you were really looking
forward to that one but hey that's the
way there them cookies crumble sometimes
at nighttime still why is it a nine-time
rich inject hype for III III only get
hyped when I hear about something
interesting and I don't automatically
assume I'm going to hear something
interesting at e3
I might just you're bad news it's very
possible I think the big reveal with
steam starting the monthly fees now I'm
prepared for bad news when games gone
when get wait for that monthly steam
service fee
you know what possibly before he's gone
what like as soon as soon as he as soon
as he starts to to feel them Penny's
bench listen steam has already been you
know it's it's what did i just watch
recently i watched a really fun video
about the first nons
valve game on steam yep it was this you
know wacko little fighting game called
something kung fu called a physics
kung-fu or did you guys see that chat
tell me the name of it tell me the name
of it the first and non valve game on
Steam
ragdoll kungfu thank you
Pyrrha Pyrrha XCore ragdoll kung fu was
the first non valve game on steam yeah
and they were so desperate to get nan
valve games on their platform they
actually fronted the developer like
$10,000 like we'll get what we guarantee
you this money we just we need games on
Steam right yeah and then Val you know
for the years afterwards valve kind of
acted as a curator to their storefront
and so you know they would only allow
certain games and you know only so many
games per day but now the process of
getting your game on Steam is almost
automated that's why we have so many
steam releases so it's like already the
the store is becoming this unmanageable
mess because valve wants to automate the
system so how long until Gabe just says
I will just automate everything monthly
fees right like it's I'm saying it's
already stepping down access the games
you own on Steam jack that's it spot
it's one of these days one of these days
that's when it's all over it's all dead
it's possible it's possible it might
happen that's when I began looking for a
pirate copy of everything I own on Steam
yep cuz if you get them through gog.com
you already have a copy I know you just
download that executable and install you
don't hit the thing you use to install
the whole game you don't need a
connection to the internet after you
Dumbo the executor you just back that up
on a disk from wherever it's yours you
own it
install it anytime you want motherfucker
gog.com in stock she hit you deck out
install it anytime you want until GOG is
defunct no no no here's the thing you've
downloaded the executable it's the
install file you can put that on a disk
it doesn't matter what happens to GOG
the whole company can take tomorrow and
you would still have your executable the
whole company can decide in next year
they want to put DRM on everything if
you've already downloaded your your
executable file you're you're calling it
executable it's a it's an install
package or whatever you want have
equation yeah whatever and it doesn't
fucking matter you have it it's not a
disk in your home you can install it
whatever you want you have to give a
fuck what the internet wants out of you
it doesn't it never needs it that
handshake esteem needs a handshake for
certain games for behind me all of their
games technically steam needs that
digital handshake because you are
leasing your games through Steam but the
space requirements yeah you get a 4
terabyte hard drive relatively cheap
these days mm-hmm
I say it's worth it for a backup on the
stuff you really love presuming they
have it on GOG
yeah
great
yes
yes rocking this rich
I'm absolutely crushing
same thing with steam that you can run
steam in an offline mode and played
installed games but if you need to
install the game again you're fucked
some games like to phone home every now
and then and I remember back a while ago
you know IIIi did not want
XCOM to update because there were mods I
used and whatever they wanted to update
XCOM it would fuck all of my goddamn
mods and I tried I legitimately tried to
keep XCOM hidden from the internet no
every now and then it insists on phoning
home mm-hm yeah no no it's sewing it up
did all my mods are fucked oh right well
and remember part of the agreement when
you sign up for steam very clearly
states that you are leasing these games
through Steam you do not own any of
those games you own the right to play
them through the steam service yeah
that's just what it says in in the the
Steam Terms of Service when you sign up
I tried to keep it in offline mode and
every now and then I tried to run a box
come you need to log on ya know and you
know like of cord and Atari Update and
Atari as a company steam valve whoever
right they don't they don't want to sour
their client base so this will not be a
drastic guess what well I mean
technically speaking if they wanted to
they can flip the switch you can't play
any game yes done right yes they won't
do that obviously because they're a
business but they could they could
that's a thing they want to start
charging for monthly access to steam the
minute you don't want to pay that
monthly access oh they flip the switch
for you and and by the way this is the
same for any free service that used if
if YouTube all of a sudden says you know
what we're sick of running all these
servers every video on YouTube down
forever
that's just the way it is you same with
with twitch same with any service but so
what it will start with is something
very similar that we've seen
consoles which is you know we we need a
little something to run our servers but
we'll give you you know like let's say
let's say you pay 20 bucks a year for
for Steam premium and and we'll give you
one free game download a month right
it'll be the exact same thing we've seen
over and over and over again and they'll
just start nickel and diming all of
their millions of customers and
sometimes they ain't nothing you can do
about it
streamium steam IAM bramble if we're
gonna pay for steam IAM they won't use
that name though cuz it's kind of dumb
but I like it I like it that's how you
know it's dumb steam iam steam Platinum
steam Platinum yeah well no so there's
valve there's steam what's that we need
another corresponding like pipe water
pressure thing right the spigot oh that
a valve valve drip you get a little bit
of free stuff every month every month
steam VIP steam Platinum the valve is
closed no not yet no no not yet I know
this is all hypothetical but the thing
to remember is that this is all
something that can happen and you can't
stop it when it decides it wants to
happen right so basically this entire
rant has been one long advertisement for
GOG I know I know I love them I love
what they do I know you do
I appreciate what they do that's cool
you know what that's fine
are you done yeah I'm gonna finish off
some tips here oh great do it pro Austin
C says LeBron James agent is named rich
Paul Kevin Durant's agent rich climbin
rich Evans
would you consider managing Stefan curry
just for continuity sake real close game
3 of the NBA Finals happening right now
with those three players in it Stephen
Curry gets worse deal ever in NBA
history season 11
Stephen Curry signs complete unknown
manager with no former experience Steve
curry talked to the very poor business
decision why would he do that why would
he hire someone with no managerial
experience industry pundits baffled by
bizarre decisions even Kerry made that's
great sign me up just cuts a rich going
I don't know I thought it sounded like a
lot of money with beer back yep
bran flakes 4547 says rich explaining
raid is like me explaining System Shock
2 thanks for making me not feel like the
only idiot in the room lol bust my chops
I got my busted 2 pro Austin C says both
the PlayStation 4 and Xbox one came out
in November of 2013 when would you
expect the next versions of those
consoles to hit stores I don't care I'm
a PC gamer keep in mind that the one
sold far worse than the four which
usually means the next console comes
sooner I don't care of a PC gamer did
whatever the fuck they want considering
I will say considering that both of them
just released their soup T duped 4k
versions of their pre-existing consoles
it would be a slap in the face to
everybody who bought that shit if if
they released their next consoles too
damn soon but once again I'm a PC gamer
I don't give a shit for what and the
PlayStation 5 an Xbox 2 or whatever they
decide to call it oh no they'll probably
start murmuring about it next
fear murmuring about it now are they
yeah I've heard murmurs about the
PlayStation far they 2019 maybe really
probably won't be that soon but they've
been murmurs which if if I had just
bought their Scorpio or whatever they
call the 4k version yeah I'd be pissed
oh sure well I are we hearing murmurs
from them I probably not directly from
them like once we saying next year is
when we're gonna start hearing murmurs
from Sony and my cat okay and that's
when it's and then so we're probably
looking at a 20/20 yeah yeah is what I'd
assume that seems about right
like all I've gotten out of this
generation of consoles yeah blood-borne
and God of War that's it they came by 1
2013 jesus fucking christ I got two
games no no no cuz you all this is
something you do constantly you always
discount Nintendo they're different
different console every single time and
okay Ellie constantly every time you
discount intent now and intended asn't
count horizon zero dawn that's more Jax
Jim mm-hmm
I I am free to really enjoy horizon zero
dawn there's there's too much fuckin
aiming for me to love that game I really
need to use a goddamn mouse and keyboard
right so blood-borne got a four breath
of the wild they're different they're
different and you know what that doesn't
it does to count just because they're
doing it exceptionally well doesn't mean
that it doesn't
I'm just saying that the Xbox one and
the PlayStation 4 have been particularly
worthless to me XD right and it's the
Xbox one I can be with you
wholeheartedly especially because they
have virtually no exclusives like
there's just no reason to have one I
don't know why anyone would have one
blood-borne means a whole lot to me in
my life so you know consoles are trying
to be pcs no not not nuts you can use a
fucking mouse keyboard customizable
controls mods they got a ways to go
didn't they bring up mods Xbox one I
need I need I need a goddamn oh hi no
use needed it is it is mandatory I think
they brought mods to Xbox one that's
good yeah that's good
I think they did is it a hassle I have I
have I don't even know if what I just
said it was correct
oh hell there we go encephalopathic says
mods were thing with Skyrim on the Xbox
one
were they basically just able to port
over the PC mods like how do you mod for
something on an Xbox one no no no
nothing about nothing
they will only let use a mouse a
keyboard if they could force you to buy
their overpriced ones they wouldn't even
do it then I for one I would I would go
for it anyway sure if there's like an
exclusive I wanted to play that like
like horizon zero dawn all right
overpriced Mouse alright fine
yeah I'll deal with that but they're
never going to do it because too many of
their players are comfortable with a
controller and it would fuck multiplayer
if 90% of their fan base were whining
because they kept getting their asses
kicked by people using a mouse yeah so
you're never going to see true Mouse
compatibility on a console because there
would be too many whitey cuts that's
that's something that Blizzard has
talked about as far as like connecting
you know because you can do a PC to
console connect online connectivity
right and and they've talked about that
with overwatch with not wanting to
connect PC to Xbox one players over yeah
over online play because if you have a
mouse you can do better
rich it would ruin multiplayer you mean
you couldn't keep up with your
controller is what you mean but yes yeah
I'm with you come on reg don't use the
controller on your PC not for shooters
yeah use a controller on some games on a
PC but oh sure like a doom I would never
dream of playing doom with that
controller but this is why you could do
you can do cross-platform rocket League
cuz everyone uses a controller yeah I'm
like something like rocket League yeah I
use a controller for that oh right right
but like everyone does so you can do
cross-platform there's no there's not
that multiplayer a skill gap versus you
know a controller versus mouse and
keyboard as well is all I'm saying
most aiming is fucking lame Mouse aiming
is borderline cheating a little baby
can't handle it
listen baby a little baby can't learn to
use the proper tool for the job and I'm
being an asshole and you're being an ass
so we're both being assholes but okay
but you know I think it's fine here's
the thing
Shango hot I've been where you are I've
been there and I know you feel like
lashing out
and you feel like you know putting down
other people is gonna make you feel
better but there is a better way out
there mouse and keyboard is a better way
and you know what that's not saying that
it's more comfortable you want to say
your controller is more comfortable
that's an accurate statement but you
know our hidden alright get-get-get real
beer hat says yep steam these days
looks like the store shells in the
videogame department during the video
game crash of the 80s they should take a
note from Nintendo of that era and add
in a steam seal of approval
mm hmm I'm not I'm not necessarily
against this you know they're there
they're trying this whole Auto automated
curation thing where you know like hey
based on what games you've played and
what games you've looked at and what's
on your wish list we think you'd like
this when really you already know what
you're gonna buy anyway and so you just
go there to buy the thing you were gonna
buy anyway but they're there storefront
is it's a mess if you're just like oh I
wonder like if you go to steam saying I
wonder what came out recently that I can
look through you're gonna have a bad
time there there's 30 new games out 20
of them are anime visual novels the the
the other 15 of them are just DLC packs
for games you've never heard of and then
there's like one or two pixel art indie
titles it's it's a horrible mess and
that that's just like that was this
morning there's another 20 games out
this afternoon
and there's another Tony games out this
evening it's you can't just browse
through and look for a game anymore you
need to know what you're looking for
before you go to the store and I think
that's that's gonna be that's gonna mean
some games don't get recognized do you
have to get rid of the shit that's there
to really fix the problem you need to
get rid of some balloons is that fair
well no you
get rid of anything you got what what
you have to do is you have to have a
hard point where where you say you can't
really do that either they want to make
money they want to make money like the
what you need is more curation but that
might not come from steam okay I don't
know I don't know I don't know what the
answer is if you just use the top
sellers filter what what what you need
to be worried about is missing that
amazing game and then that that game
developer that has their game that oh
that's gonna be the next big thing it's
just gonna it's gonna get washed it's
gonna get washed under a sea of animated
that's true - that's true - yeah and so
like oh I'm only looking at the best
sellers then you're only looking at
games you already know about let's see
if animate it's that's what Steven is
right now I can't I can't say the last
time I've been to steam just to browse I
go to steam and I type in the game that
I'm looking for already all right yeah
Pascal says one last one that I don't
get to see you guys live enough raid
talk was my favorite one question are
you able to make a sequel to rocket
League or has it been too generous with
content
don't make us well I'm sure they make
enough money with a loop box game they
don't really feel pressured to make a
sequel yeah we're fine but you'll you'll
get one with the next generation of
consoles or they'll just do why not I
guess they could what do you would you
if you're them would you feel any urge
though to have updated graphics or some
kind no gives a shit who gives a shit
huh huh why would you
when you just want a two on there just
to maybe get in new people even if the
game is basically the same fucking game
I thought you know what you do both like
you sell you sell to bundled with with
og I don't I don't know I I I guess if
I'm then I don't care cuz I'm sure
they're making a shit ton of money on
loot boxes cuz they keep putting them
out there they're just gonna keep on
making DLC and they'll make another
thing and and if if you sell the same
game on the new consoles then they can
play with the old console still and then
you still have your eco systems okay it
all makes sense just give it the same
thing hmm
I'm not saying that's the good decision
I'm saying that's what they'd probably I
don't know that you're wrong don't know
that what you're wrong yeah alright hey
I believe Ricardo all right so now we
are to the point in the stream in which
we thank all of you lovely people who
came to this room and watched us and
subscribed tonight must moto
proof much like Justin Harmon who has
subscribed to us for 48 god damn
motherfucking months in a row who said
came for the meet Nicolas M van dorbz
Dhin for 17 months in a row been battle
Smith Humberto cabbage patch for 41
motherfucking months in a row this is
rich growing up in Chicago did you ever
get to see Michael Jordan play I did
once I never went to very many
basketball games but I did see Michael
Jordan play ones versus the next nice
they got you got that on yeah hey so I'm
live you know what you know what it was
tunes part it was like the field trip
part of being an altar boy I believe oh
yeah have the I was forced into being an
altar boy it was not a choice
sure
I was told one day mother and
grandmother I was going to be an altar
boy no I had very little input I would
have I would have not done this on my
own I was an altar boy yep I wanted to
be the one though III it was except it
was except well I went yeah I'm with the
Catholics yeah yeah and so like it you
know to me it was like it was like it
was like almost being like a hall
monitor it was like a respond like oh I
get to do things yeah also I was like I
was I was bored in general but I was
very bored in church and so this was an
opportunity to actually like do
something during church I was like
finally like I don't have to just sit
there and twiddle my fingers no I was
still bored and short Church just being
an altar boy man I couldn't day dream oh
and I liked I liked the I liked the it
gave me something to do like okay yeah
now I have to do this and help the
people there yeah oh yeah for years I
was an altar boy it was a that was a
responsibility one of these days are not
gonna be over cuz I always forget it's
hard to get into voice if you haven't
been in a while oh that's it you gotta
get a little squeaky with him I saw this
it got fired a 42 who had subscribed
with 441 motherfucker mas and I wanna
see I've lost it already I feel that's
so many months it's hard to say there's
so many months have you want just mellow
AF st. Jeff says hey Jack and rich which
has been bothering me to send you guys a
message for a while now so I figured I'd
do it thank you
Barba's the dog hyper estar taze the
Sheep ster full
who says who says how's that juicy Shack
meat tastes Hell night 86 fish would
thanks for 20 fucking months in a row
says that's loan an who says everyone
who's listening don't forget to keep
working on that screenplay or shoot in
those videos your dedication will be
rewarded someday even if you make
something terrible you will still you
still made one more thing than the
person who made nothing
keep at it what a what a positive and
delightful message thanks loan and
that's right keep working make all the
art even if it's dumb you do it it still
make you feel good I mean it's all so
awful the consoles are fucking awful Joe
Kitty double O 1 for 14 months in a row
says WTF my subscription didn't renew
and I don't get any sub notifications
for your youtube vids these companies
are shit but they're the only game in
town
yeah that's an issue no it is
recommended play alger not for 15 months
in a ropes as ritchie jack
my wife had a birthday this week I am
certain she would love nothing more than
spending B's OSes money on a birthday
greeting from a couple of hack frauds
thank you for your fries happy birthday
dear wife wife earn up Brian spoon
more like brain fart mmm my Brian broke
breath
blue slime zero green of Rosetta she's
dead - oh geez Dixie Kings how the Kings
done Kings to Kingston iron moon is that
it Kingston Ian moon Kingston Ian moon
okay with no capital letters anywhere
Nixonian moon Kingston Ian moon Captain
Zorro Pizza train 11 for 40
motherfucking months in a row
who says 40 motherfucking months
deserves a DND update jack actually I
have no further update we haven't played
again I'm currently writing the second
part of my quest which I've already
talked about I think I want to be a
little more a little more roleplay well
I think rich came up with a really good
idea which is kind of like a timer for
random skeleton pop-ups and I think
that'll help keep keep it a little
exciting and and add a ticking clock to
it but but I'm concentrating on more
characters that they can talk to and
interact with just to make sure they
understand that part okay but but uh as
soon as we play more I'll update you
more we had just wasn't Junta
yeah jut distinct Talan knock who says I
have nothing interesting to say at this
time
parallax seven one eight skulls 37 Kyle
ken calico great
Harald fairhair between sorry I'm beyond
it's getting past my bed
I'm Harald fairhair for 20 fucking
months in a row bran flakes 45:47 pragma
mark him you
rummy ham Queen of the One Ring her 15
months in a row
who says I think my anniversary was a
couple of weeks ago but that's okay
here's another opportunity to shield
Prime subs for you guys thanks for this
dreams them the shell here of course
being that if you're an Amazon Prime
member you you get one free twitch
subscription every month that doesn't
cost you any extra money but does guy
may give rich and I a little bit of
money so you know if you feel like
spending it on so you can are you done
now that's a shell that's the show
that's it certified shill right there Oh
technically doesn't she'll have to be
like somebody paying you to like
something of theirs you're just you're
just whoring that was just ha ha ha ha
ha you're out for yourself that was
whoring I'm not sure well you're not
shilling your whore can you shill for
yourself is the question or is shilling
for yourself just whoring I just don't
know if that's the definition of shill I
think shilling for yourself was just
horrid City Sameera mmm that'll give me
something to think about
Thunderbird who says rich please explain
raid as Don will these hard drives right
we're gonna stick to all these hard
drives in the same box we're gonna we're
gonna connect them with copper wires
every copper wire I'm gonna coat it with
some kind of some kind of rubber to keep
the electricity from flying all over the
place
then we're gonna spread all these hard
drives at the same time
III think that's gonna give it some kind
of speed boost pour a little fuel yeah
poor little lighter fuel out though just
for decoration we're gonna light him on
fire
gonna use gasoline in my cooler we're
gonna just to keep the whole thing cool
we're gonna use lighter fluid on fire
just to burn some of the heat of all
these hard drives that makes perfect
sense you're right and that's it we're
gonna use fire burn the heat off
it's brilliant that's great that's great
uh thank you to dr. Guntur hooter hanker
who has subscribed to us for a 30 yeah
but all these hard drives are right you
say it's gonna kill all the bugs it's
gonna kill all those mosquitoes on my
porch I get it that's the yeah the first
Bitcoin miner was just trying to get the
mosquitoes out but my rights are gonna
kill all those mosquitoes because it's
on fire on my wooden porch why your
wooden porch why would you put it there
is that's where the mosquitoes are that
was my bad dr. Gunter who tear hanger
who has subscribed to us for 30 fucking
months in a row says it's been great
should be easy to keep going since
you're just being yourselves or are you
well not currently rich Evans grammar
corrector
oh no that's a tough job
Jack yeah recently re-watched your 7th
guest stream from 2016 yeah and it's the
greatest example of a slow descent
descent into madness ever caught on
camera funniest dream you've ever done
thanks for the content that's stupid
puzzle it with the word I will now never
forget tryst
remember the can puzzle and I didn't
know that Tristan was a world
oh god to remember that and vaguely and
I was trying to figure out the puzzle
and I did not know that tryst was a word
I mostly just remember which way should
I go now oh my god alright and then I go
now what was the other one are you are
you feeling lonely oh yeah that was oh
yeah yeah the 7th guest stream that well
that was a slow descent into madness
absolutely what a fucked up game rage so
why computers fast enough to play the
7th crashed are we so fast we're gonna
have 11th guess nailed it nailed it done
that's the secret ending that's how you
get the secret ending of the game you
see get all 11 guests of your 7 guest
game oh one black and blackest black
since Len flack since key for 21 fucking
monster who says Stanley Cup Finals go
capitals just my brain I think I always
put an extra eye in there every black
izinski
for Cabazon ski right yeah I just Len
flaxen ski I guess since key right jolly
nihilist hey it's Brian and Chris be
Christ thank you for subscribing oh shit
my rage is cut my house on fire I don't
know