Pun Averted (Ghost of a Tale pt 1... of 1)
March 14, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwo-B09tD7g

bring it back to the surface there goes
it seems like the red light is okay
hello hello hello I'm not sure people
are seeing us there we go there we go
I got a bit of a delay here do they see
us now apparently the the twitch chat
app is far more delayed than chatty was
oh sure our chatty isn't working right
now so we have to use the twitch desktop
app which functions a lot like the twist
twitch web app only it's a desktop
version that seems like there's more of
a delight
okay that's fine you know that's fine
that's fair hi everybody
everybody doing alright everybody having
a good time everybody uh so you you
mentioned you were playing this Mouse
stealth game mouse I had no idea it was
this adorable
it's super adorable okay do you get that
do you get how super adorable this is
well what's a stealth game do you need
the sound no there's a good visual cues
well you know the beginning I'm gonna
start a new game because I haven't
gotten terribly far on it okay and and
you said you wanted to come I want to
see this I am I'm intrigued so I'm gonna
start a new game here and you know the
first section of it is pretty is not
like you know massive stealth it's
training yeah so we'll start a new game
but it is gosh dang adorable
any relation to the secret of NIMH
series I don't believe so uh I actually
I just saw right now when this when it
was loading that it was this was an
indiegogo funded game so this is a
crowd-funded game you know our screens a
bit dark what our camera our cam is it
yeah it's a bit dark we we have them we
have a different lens on I don't know if
that's just got electric shocked I I
think we're a little better I'm looking
at a tiny tiny that look that might be
you know that's good I think I think
that might be good uh you know what I'm
gonna just gonna say it's fine I'm
looking at as a pixel me that's think
I'm like three pixels tall right in the
little window too far up but uh but
we'll see
hold on actually I'm gonna I'm gonna
check it out real quick on my I'm a
phone too bright chat saying too bright
I said they they never like anything
nope nope too much it's bit fuzzy no now
it's a bit fuzzy yeah cuz I turned up
the brightness so it's a bit fuzzy how
do I get to me how do I get to
where we are live no dig I don't have
your phone app you're goofy phone app oh
shit yeah okay Wow
crazy crazy ecstatic and how do you feel
about that no matter what I say you're
not gonna like it
right the worst yet fuzzy wuzzy was a
bear much much better that's less bad
good enough but still not normal why
don't you turn it back down but we turn
on the overhead lights okay okay it's a
thought what's the deal is it a lens
issue story wall I in front of a
microphone so yeah normally I bought a
nice low f-stop lens for in here that
deals with low light really well yeah to
use with my gh2 that we use here for
streaming because I know we like to have
the lights down so we can watch the game
yeah yeah - harsh on our eyes but I had
to use that lens for a job over the
weekend for Jeff I know fuckin cha so
the lens I'm using here yes we need that
lens to play video games all right go
ahead I'm sorry so I have a regular lens
here but it's just not as good in low
light so then I need to up the ISO which
means we get a slightly fuzzy your image
this should be pretty good though
see here oh I want to watch the stream
but I'm playing this game at the minute
myself and don't want spoilers what to
do well if Jack starts from the top you
can always - not the moment we get to
where you are yeah okay so look at you
you're this adorable mouse and oh wait I
need to uh which that there are black
dots on your face those are sunspots
because I am the light of the universe
what oh well you know what else we
probably have to do is we probably also
need to now like change the xsplit like
green screen stuff hold on hold hold all
your horses what are you doing now I'm
gonna fix it the light okay okay because
the green screen is calibrated to the
other lens yeah you see you're all right
all right all right and so we'll just
take a second here we'll fix it right up
and and it just won't be a big deal at
all how's that
well I think that's much better that is
much better here ah there see you look
nice and easy fix it right up okay
neighbor whispers beam I never miss
Brisbane the the the the secret of NIMH
protagonist I don't remember I can't
remember it was frisbee your Brisby
thought it was Brisby okay so that so
here here's what we know here's what I
know story wise is we we have been
imprisoned did you skip the cutscene
there was no there was a there's like
texts oh okay okay
so I'm gonna skip over some of this just
so we can get into some actual gameplay
but so we are minstrel if you notice our
cute little guitar on our back yes and
and the evil King asked us and our wife
who is a singer to sing a song for them
and our wife refused because he's a
brutal King right and so we've both been
imprisoned and now I I don't know where
my wife is the Rat King the Rat King
what do I have to do what I want to do
here I want to eat wait is it actually
like Dark Souls III as I understand it
I've not played it this is more of a
stealth thing yes this is more of a
stealth thing in fact I've played maybe
like a little over an hour and I have
not run into any combat at all at all
okay so they have such a great gimmick
on their hands with this art style yeah
and this is like a boring dude I just be
yawning but it's an adorable little
anthropomorphic kind of anthropomorphic
mouth it's a mouth normal Mouse wearing
clothing you know so I'm hiding and
standing upright I know and it's cute
and looking looking like the big rat
guard the red eyes yeah
oh but I'm hiding I mean he can't see me
because I'm hiding in the crate and get
out of here red guard you are yawning
rich I have it I've actually had a day
that's so here's this man that terrible
day but a little bit tired ready
look here's I'm sneaking there's a
dedicated sneak button see he's normal
sneak normal sneak okay I could sprint
but I can see the guard is sleeping
there so I don't need to worry about it
all right let's look around here
nothing nothing got some grain okay so
yeah right now I have to I just have to
get out of kind of get out of jail stick
don't need a stick right now I here's
something fun let's see these banners
yeah
the these are the banners of the evil
king yeah right and so if you equip your
candlestick you can burn them does it do
anything no no it's it's just like I
only assume it's like an achievement
kind of thing I've burned all the
banners I of course do because he's dude
that's the oppressive regime it's an old
smoke theif thing only was cutting them
down ah there you go
I could see this having some inspiration
from theif old pirate frog
the ferrets balls what hey I think
you're too and mousey a barge and into
my cell uninvited Do You Know Who I am
because I have no idea hmm let's see
here I'm afraid I don't know I can't
just say I haven't had a day and not
elaborate well sure I can I did that's
exactly what he did
I'm Carol Dweck red whiskers that's it
our Harold when red whiskers least I was
Navigator of the lake which under
captain Otto Powder Keg are yar so
you've come to rob me have you your
little scrunt
you know what's weird huh look at that
cartoony picture right there yet the
in-game graphics they give you a fairly
realistic looking frog that's an odd
thing to me you know I can I can see
that I can see that is a very odd thing
let's see here
so someone someone slipped me a little
note and a key to help me escape myself
yeah I got to talk to him actually I'm
gonna try something different for this
playthrough than the playthrough that
I'm playing at home oh my god how far
are you not very light like I said I'm a
little over an hour okay okay like I got
out of area one yeah that's that's what
I've done here and let's see here okay
so he's gonna he he's asked me to steal
something from the sleeping guard right
but he says I need you to strangle him
and I before I said I can't do that like
I was playing the mouse like a good guy
like I'm yeah anyone but I'm gonna say
I'm this time I want to try to kill
people okay I see what happens to see if
it's different because it called me a
pirate but aren't you a pirate I am
proud of it but it was the way he said
it like being a pirate
it is and I'm not ashamed of it all
right this game is adorable okay so yeah
oh oh he's not gonna let me kill the
mouse I'm pulling your leg I'd never ask
you to do something like that I'll do it
myself when the time's right
why don't you just steal a bottle of his
rota wrote Rotenberg that rotgut for me
then alright I was wondering if it would
be different if I play it as a killer
this feels like the thief games but with
mice is that accurate and saying so I
have no idea I have not played this game
I'm this is the first time I'm seeing
things from this game now it's it's it
would probably the little I know about
the thief games and you know like I
haven't played much of the thief games
the little I know about the thief games
I would call
this more thief's light okay again I
haven't gotten out of the the first area
oh I can eat the bugs okay so the garble
for one notably this is third person oh
sure sure make a pretty major pretty
major difference ah yo I need the jail
masters key that's right okay so now I'm
sneaking around all right
and if you see the guard has that little
disease Simon above his head out the
diamond I mean if you see if I move fast
the diamond fills with red ah okay and
if it gets all the way to the top then
then he notices me yeah yeah so we got a
sneak and move slowly and he was a
banner that I want to burn down but if
you burn down the banner he notices you
so I want a place to hide first till
physics top priority in games is if it's
a mouse game yeah get it together
yep he noticed hide
I'm gonna burn the other one too all
right
what here's you know I'm gonna say most
people are enemy to get this the major
difference between this game and thief
yeah
when when the guards say must have been
rats you're in trouble in this game must
have just been drops right find the rats
even though you can see my head he can't
see me in the bucket
that's the rule all right I've burned
the two banners now would go off
sneaking again I think there's another
banner over here so as you can see and
you obviously this is our first bad guy
huh but you know fairly easy to get
around people these are different items
that you can use to distract enemies you
know throw it when you can you can hold
multiple bottles yeah so and you can
throw to distract or you can throw them
at the enemy to kind of knock them out
for a short time imagine it gets hard on
the further further further you get well
this this is literally the first thing
in the game yes this is the tutorial
section this is this is teach you you
know how to move your character Jack I'm
gonna I'm gonna ask a question ask rich
should games go back to have a good
tutorial that was actually separate from
the main fucking game and then you don't
have to deal with that well the first
level is the tutorial level you just
start the game and you're right in the
fucking game that's a good question I
think actually again the very the little
I played thief I think thief did it okay
where it was kind of part of the game
but also just a tutorial sight it was
toriel section that on different replays
you could skip over it right in thief
I'm soon to writer it was a whole
separate thing in the menu you go to
Laura's mansion and here here's oh
here's her Jim will you play around with
her controls what what I what I like is
the idea of this is like in big bold
letters this is clearly not part of the
game we're just teaching you the
controls mm-hmm and even if it happens
in the beginning of the game just to
warm you up like I'm thinking of the the
ps2 spider-man you know where Bruce
Campbell guiding through like how to
yeah be spider reeling okay that was
tutorial that was at the beginning but
in the menu start game start tutorial
then you go start tutorial then you do
the Bruce Campbell shit and then your
second playthrough you don't have to go
through the fucking hoops you already
know I'm with you I think actually if
you start a new save file maybe the
tutorial should be the default option
because I think so many people only if
you can click it off because I I start a
new profile because I want to start from
level one say a game I don't I don't
want carryover mile mo get from scratch
but I think no matter what like it
should default into like starting this
tutorial do you want to do this tutorial
but most people are gonna be like now
tutorials are dumb but then not know
shit well that's their own fault for
being idiots well yeah if I'm not I'm
gonna dolt I want a separate tutorial
from the fucking main game and then the
first level of the game can be the
actual first level of the game
just guider what tutorial are they
complaining about I generalize just
general tutor example which is just a
big fat baby fact that's why I'm the one
who doesn't want my hand held confront
yourself
somebody called Mandalorian siege
calling me a baby
what's Mandalorian saying that's some
that's some fucking nerdy Star Wars shit
what a baby oh well let me play with my
Star Wars toys alright alright wait did
he help me he might have helped me I
wasn't paying attention now
damnit damnit so rich yeah you know what
I did today
huh I had the greatest morning ever yeah
yeah I went to a junk store what do mean
a junk store
I mean a mother flippin junk store hello
like like like a store that literally
sold garbage that people had thrown out
well so like think of a junk store as
like part overstock warehouse parts
second-hand store part fuckin scrap yard
like have you ever been okay have you
ever been to a store like that where
we're like for example the store I went
to had a section that just had 100 brand
new spatulas and you could buy a spatula
for a dollar and then right next to a
100 spatulas they had like a giant
stacks of metal pallets
and then right next to that they had
giant plastic barrels because they just
buy random shit and sell random shit
this sounds like a store that quite
frankly deserves to go out of business
no they're the most beautiful places
because they have random crap everywhere
and they are my favorite kind of
Stoicism business model doomed to
failure this is this is doomed no you're
beautiful and so I was checking the I
was checking out the Craigslist as I
often do for a you know interesting gear
just weird shit people are selling and
what I see is a lot of old camera lenses
old what the what they called TV camera
lenses uh-huh and it was like 15 or to
18 old camera lenses old TV lenses is
what they call them there's a card that
comes this way I do I have to
do I have to go open it wait is it no
cuz there's a there's a banner over here
that I want to burn is this a furry game
only if they're sexy not helping rich so
if there's like a mouse dancer later on
in the game then yes then yes this is a
furry game okay so I see the Craigslist
ad for like 18 camera lenses and they're
at absurdly cheap prices like ten bucks
a lens yeah which is nothing it's like
you know even if some of these are
garbage
maybe maybe they'll give me interesting
videos maybe I can you know clean them
up and sell them because this is one of
those places that just like buys
auctions and then just sells whatever
random crap not really knowing what it
is okay
and I went to the store to look at the
lenses and spent maybe just 45 minutes
walking around with this lady looking at
all of her weird garbage and I fucking
loved it I love those kind of stories
that's my that's my real weakness the
shocking thing to me as you say stores
implied there's more than one of these
yeah this is it's a thing that's that's
around there's not shit
what percentage of the clientele have
handlebar moustache haha giant beer yes
unkempt yes most of them most of them
are what would be described as hoarders
oh god I gotta see what's at the jungle
still gotta see what's at the junk store
there's a lot of these stores around not
not as many of them as there were back
in the day button
yeah get it just burning some shit well
I know where the guards are so I bought
this I bought some lenses and she had
she had like an old she had an old
mixing board like those old like edito
Troms for live broadcasts yeah it was
only half of the equipment though she
had like old VHS shoulder-mounted
cameras and she's like oh you want to
look at some of this stuff and just tell
me what it does she had like a she
didn't know she has in her possession a
Betamax projector it looked like it
looked like a bazooka what it what it
looked like is a square a rectangle
bazooka that had a Betamax tape insert
on one end and a giant spotlight on the
other end it was a Betamax projector
rich Evans and I said oh my god this is
amazing does it work she says I have no
idea if it works I don't know what did
well I don't know it sounds like a
presumably overpriced thrift store it's
a thrift store but they charge full
price no no no definitely not no okay
the much was the Betamax projector oh I
didn't even look at the price I was just
looking at the thing because I was never
gonna buy it but I mean but Betamax
projector is something that is an
incredibly specialty item no one you
know if you have one that's that works
it's gold for someone nobody needs a
Betamax project nobody needs anything
nobody nobody needs a Betamax projector
uh-huh I don't understand I don't
understand where you're going with this
someone might need a Betamax projector
there might be someone in the world who
who says oh you know I have this art
project and if only I had a Betamax
projector taking all the stuff oh don't
take the hornets nest oh right I
remember I remember this puzzle there's
a little there's a little puzzle to do
over here
still wool not gonna make it in time in
my I'm not what am I gonna continue
dishonored I'm not sure I think I think
it's kind of thing that kind of requires
a solo stream sure yeah yeah you don't
want me Jubran in your ear about this
week's episode of Supergirl it's a game
you get into so I wouldn't be
participating in any conversation yeah
yeah I get that
that's fair
yeah Nana says hey guys just want to
ring both your thoughts on Jordan
Peterson hope the rest of the week goes
well for you you know psychologist guy I
have no idea who that is I think I've
seen some videos his I don't have strong
thoughts I have no idea if he's who I
think he is sure yeah
there we go
here is the stick throwing portion
evening boom boom Shakalaka doctor lube
it up son Sox hurler yeah oh sorry I
have nothing to add to that I don't know
who that is
right right I feel like an opportunity
was lost to have today's prereq stream
interrupted by a best of the worst
episode in which a prereq stream is
interrupted by the filming of best of
the worst episode love the new best of
the worst thank you yeah that was that
was a good one that best of the worst
that's the one though like I'm I'm
waiting for the second video to drop
because we we talked way longer I feel
like a lot was cut out possibly so I
want I want like I want a b-side it was
probably all redundant shit oh I'm sure
I'm sure it was I'm sure it was all cut
out for a very good reason I still
wanted probably a whole lot of I can't
believe this still isn't in focus can
you can you believe that this is still
not in focus so they're not loot to just
randomly find like gold that's fun in a
stealth game yeah I actually just found
some okay some florins is what do they
call them
but look look look look look
great yeah I just found some loot
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo godly cook
says do you remember the short-lived 80s
toy line called battle beasts Japanese
Takara tummy Tomy I don't know how you
pronounce seal my usually Tommy's two
M's Tommy Tommy produced licensed by
Hasbro inspiring transformers Beast Wars
released in Japan as be saga toys and
anime uh no I'm sorry but I'm not
familiar with battle beasts yeah me
either sorry Tomy okay
what about street sharks remember them
but I completely ignored them because
they seem stupid awesome street sharks
what of one of the multiple failed Ninja
Turtle knock-offs biker mice from mars
biker mice from mars yes
banker mice from mars we want to rip off
ninja turtles are insanely popular
let's rip them off I mean I like it I
just don't remember biker mice from mars
i remember the street sharks lasted all
of you know three episodes i'm sure
street sharks well i don't think it made
it to a toy line if there was a comic
book kung fu kangaroos kung fu king ruse
first of all awesome don't something's
popular yeah
she's taken all the things stick you
know no III wouldn't call them a ninja
turtle ripoff but I remember being fond
of Dino saucers please explain to me the
premise of dying anthropomorphic
dinosaurs from space find each other yes
yes this all sounds great dinosaurs
fight each other from space on earth
this sounds great let's make them all
happen green light at all Cadillacs and
dinosaurs I've never quite caught on it
fried
what's Cadillacs and dinosaurs really
remember I know there were dinosaurs and
the guy rode like I was a flying
Cadillac I don't really remember I don't
really remember wait the the show was
just called Cadillacs and dinosaurs yeah
it was also it was a comic book then
they made his show and tried to make it
like a cartoon with the toy line I
didn't didn't work all right that's fair
I love it I'm not super familiar with it
it just got it it's got a memorable name
a silly name yeah a rather silly name I
think it was based in a Dark Horse
Comics yeah yeah
go ahead
apparently none of us doesn't realize
that we get around to the tips
eventually because they took the same
thing three types various points I'm
sorry with this dish it piles up we get
to it we get to it this mouse is farting
something you should know
there's guard mouse doll he's sleeping
I'm very I'm very sorry for your loss
few parts I like this game less no
honestly honestly but I like this game a
little bit less after that but the guard
Mouse and they want the toilet humor
well it really isn't appropriate I mean
the stinky guard Mouse I guess
so what happened to the Captain Planet
reboot oh I would assume somebody
realized that Captain Planet was lame
kind of lame kinda lame
heart-earth wind back terror oh I might
have broken the game I got out of my
chest a little too early and now the
mouse the rat might be stuck here I
think I just discovered a bug rich what
happen I got out of my chest a little
too early and the rat guard is just
staying here now oh can I steal from him
no pickpocketing shame there's a yellow
slug on the floor the hell is him I can
eat him for health yeah
what else man I can eat the bugs I'm a
mouse so it's not so weird
oh yeah do I remember what do I need to
go I don't know the stuff in this game
looks ridiculously easy currently yes
this is the very first area is what I
will say so I am unsure whether or not
it gets easier harder request a pirate
symptom yeah okay but in order to amp up
the adorableness we can change your
outfit so I can wear an eye patch and a
pirate hat the outfits do different
things yes so actually I don't want to
wear the pirate hat because my normal oh
no a pirate hat does a little bit better
so pirate hat means weapons resistance
and falling resistance and the eyepatch
actually gives me some sprint speed oh
wait wait no I want to gosh dang it but
now look at me oh wait where's my eye
patch pirate Mouse it's great and I
think this is all part of a quest
assemble the costume of the pirate auto
powder-keg oh right so the the the
pirate frog that's in the other room
yeah
if I find enough outfits I can dress up
like his captain which will do umm
assume that'll make him help me get out
maybe
I don't know nothing ma'am but if I can
find the full pirate outfit we'll find
out it's part of the quest okay so you
haven't done that yet on your own
playthrough I have not okay this is
about as far as I got oh oh right so
yeah I'm gonna I'm about to get out of
here get out of area one and that's
about as far as I got obviously it took
me significantly longer to get through
this area on my first playthrough
because a lot of exploring a lot of
backtracking but I kind of liked it you
know I'm a little so it's even a little
Metroid II where there are two doors in
this first area that I don't have the
right keys for and that aren't in this
first area so eventually I need to go
like back to this area with all the
right tools
whooping here comes
just kill the guards I can't I could
knock the guards out with a bottle if I
wanted to but then I wouldn't be a
sneaky Mouse would I I would just be the
mouse that knocks everyone out who gets
in my way and that's not nearly as fun
look
whoopsie
sometimes knocking out guards can make a
stealth game too easy mm-hmm and thief
and and dishonored really the the
blackjack right or or taking out a card
from behind and dishonored by choking or
staffing it's just so insanely powerful
sometimes sometimes it almost feels like
cheating yeah yeah we're like well I
could sell this but I kind of want to be
done in ten minutes so I'll just say
yeah the thief's games have that issue
and I would agree with him I would agree
that's a weakness of thief so this guy
won't talk to me with my pirate garb on
when I when I played thief or when I
play it I guess I would frequently avoid
knocking guards out mm-hmm
only if I absolutely thought I had to
sure I can't change clothes while you're
near someone that's weird
again dishonored which I you're gonna
ask I haven't finished yet I might
consider a playthrough of dishonored
where I don't let myself choke anybody
out mmm don't do the non-lethal option
if I go go for the the low kill ending
but here's here's the rub if I have to
take guard out it has to be the lethal
version so then you got some you got
some pressure on you to not take all the
guards out sure and that that might make
for an eID challenge
stars' off PDX says I love Jax
positivity but I'd love to hear him say
wrong that is not fair
I'd also love a supercut of him and
Harry Dean Stanton saying right over and
over I mean in theif it's an established
thing among hardcore players were true
ghosting is where you do not just knock
out all the guards yeah
no I that's I wasn't always good at it
but that's how I tried to play thief
who's the ghosting ghosting has in in a
self game has been dumbed down these
days I think when people say they you
know ghosting in a game it just means
not being seen by a guard yeah if you're
a hardcore thief player it meant leaving
no trace of your having been there at
all yeah yeah no you don't leave your
your broken Arrow's lying around you
don't you don't touch a guard you don't
knock them out nothing you weren't even
there I like it
oh yeah like I wouldn't when I played
dishonored - that was not anything I
necessarily cared about and so like I no
no I would murder Oh everyone and just
like throw their bodies at other people
like that's how I would get a guards
attention as I just throw another dead
body at him oh hey I found your friend
it's kind of guy am I'm a self fuck up
rich Evans March 2018 because I said
jokingly when I fucked up with self
thing and dishonored and I was too
honorable the fucking reload a save
state too honorable to do that
rich Honorable Evans the Honorable rich
Evans
okay I can't remember there being a
speakeasy Seifer at all good writing
good voice acting good gameplay decent
characters in good atmosphere decided
it's the closest thing but still long
ways behind any ideas why that is uh now
look now that I'm actually like like
problem we what we did the review of
Dishonored the problem for me with that
game and the reason I was worried about
reviewing it game like that you really
you really it like a fine one you savor
it you don't you can't rush through it
uh-huh we got a deadline again do they
mean you got a rush through it you don't
always you don't always fully get into
it now
now after the fact not I got more time
to to take in take in the decider who I
don't I don't know that that's true I
dishonor does the worthy follow-up to
thief I don't know much about thief but
and I like that Dishonored series I'm
sure I would like to sound heard one
because I enjoyed this on it too
you know what isn't a worthy follow-up
to thief thief oh yeah I remember for a
while they're gonna call it the fourth
before for no good reason they made the
e'en thief of for Denis in the the
pre-release advertising for that game oh
it's the dumbest fucking thing
before the fourth you know some someone
gets a bad idea in their head
there were levels and thief where you
could miss half the level if you just
did the main objective that was the
beauty of it that's the kind of shit
that makes it feel like a real world
that's the kind of shit that makes it
immersive mmm and that's why I never
picked up the fourth cuz I heard it was
fairly linear the fourth
strongbox key well yeah you know we we
we touched on that a little bit during
our breath of the wilds discussion which
is just you want to be you want a game
to make you feel like you are the only
person to find something and so yeah if
some things if some things like hidden
along like a dark path and and it takes
like some like just a freak accident to
finding ago i've been no one knows about
this even though everyone knows about it
now cuz the internet but you won't you
want it to feel like no one knows about
it swords no I don't get a sword see
okay okay I play a game like dishonored
yeah and I'm asking myself what am I
going to do next and not like in a game
like Uncharted what am I supposed to do
next yeah and that's the best the beauty
of the dishonored type game what what do
I want what am I going to do how am I
going to handle the situation ya know
this is the area where you have to find
the thing in the safe look there's the
big X on the safety you can't mix the
the x prompt on the safe now walk over
to the safe so people can talk about
what was in the safe
look you're playing a game
isn't it fun to play games I paid $60
this is a fun game I know it's a fun
game because I played $60 here's what
happens next to you
here's what happens next to you all
right it's so there's just stool here so
I can get up high a place so there's a
lot of sleeping guards in here I need to
find the law said I need to find keys
cinematic story games can be fun in
their own right no no no I haven't come
across
I mean anything's possible rich there
could be one day that cinematic
story-driven game that that proves us
wrong oh I get it now I get what all the
hubbub was about I doubt it
anything's possible the world's a
wonderful place it's not immersive when
you're being led by the nose it's just
not a merciful I don't disagree
yeah I'm gonna read this out of order
because it's continuing the conversation
we're currently having sure go for us
speaky says with Dishonored I feel the
characters were more cartoony it's not
that Constantine wasn't but the way he
was presented was more subtle
remember those silhouettes there's more
atmosphere there look thief thief
certainly had a unique style and it's a
great style look I love I love thief but
I just don't know what I can agree with
you that dishonored is cartoony and bad
again limited experience only playing
dishonored - I would not call it
cartoony that's not a that's not a thing
that's not a descripting a describing
word that I personally would use not
saying you're a horrible person or
anything I just oh I am I don't I don't
share your experience how's that I don't
I don't share your experience with
dishonored like that
I mean dishonored has it had its like
you know mystical powers maybe that's
what they're referring to with cartoony
the character designs are a bit cartoony
yeah but in theif the cutscenes were
rendered like moving paintings just a
different type of cartoony oldie
cartoony
the word you're looking for is stylized
you know they're both stylized and both
of them well I I am I am willing to
guarantee you that if if when they made
thief if they had the ability to do
graphics that weren't the 3d equivalent
of stick figures but I still I still
love haha but it's a very early 3d game
oh yeah and they don't even have
three-dimensional noses uh-huh the I can
guarantee you thief would have had a
stylized look like Dishonored you think
I think so yeah they would have tried to
emulate the painting style of the the
cutscenes sure nope
that's uh it's not thieves fault I mean
at the time just just technologically
they had they had five pixels to work
with that you you could have on screen
at any given point eight polygons maybe
seven depending on the hardware
right up anonymous says hey guys hi
anonymous greatly enjoyed the newest
best of the worst even though the
introduction is probably the closest mic
will ever get to being on stream huh
that's true you know that was good bit
yeah a good opening close a bit does it
bother you in stealth games that guard
you see you just give up looking for you
yes but then again when I play I try
really hard not to be I know I know I've
had some shitty play stream but I try
what I play a self game did not be
detected at all oh sure it's not an
issue yeah and you know it's like I
that's gotta be such a tricky balancing
act for a game dev yep we're like quite
literally the way it works is the game
knows where you are but decides to
pretend not to know where you are right
oh I probably has a search pattern
exactly and so like it needs to be
defeatable and it needs to be scalable
but you want if it wants to feel like a
challenge so I I get why that's got to
be in just an incredibly difficult task
but you know for example this in this
rat guy losing sight of me every two
seconds a lot of times when I played
Dishonored when I get caught I tend to
go lethal sure but I I could be wrong I
think after they stopped looking for you
I still think they're on a higher form
of alert but not quite guard down and I
got the sword out and they're probably
easier to startle I think don't quote me
on that and thief in dishonor dishonor
yeah maybe
theif they just kind of entually go back
to normal yeah so far it's like a 20
year old game so and here they're just
going back to normal yeah so far
a carrot garden patch so many carrots
many carrots can I take all of them dude
are you beehive guards by definition
can't necessarily just abandon their
post to track you down no but they could
yell out for other people and say hey
get the other guys on alert hey I'll
have to pay more more careful attention
in Dishonored next time I get clop I
think I think they might do stuff like
that in Dishonored
possible yeah anything's possible rich
whoa 20 year old game that can't be
right
98 fuck yep yep yep it's a 20 year old
game
did you see me yeah this game looks
pretty neat it looks very pretty but
what do you actually do like what's all
the stealth stuff in service of I am
trying to coming down here I tried you
try to the back up the stairs past the
car I tried oh you wanted to go away
from the guard you ran right by him
well I was trying to go back up the
stairs it was silly I was less save when
did I save last oh gosh dang it oh I'm
very far away from where I was ah dang
it
the guards and thief will alert each
other yeah but eventually eventually
they go back down to everything is
absolutely normal
your punishment is sometimes it takes
hold oh so he's gonna sit in a barrel
yeah dark corner chase light beat says I
have a friend who was an Arlen fan but
doesn't watch PR it would mean the world
to me if rich could say sarcastically
Paul the fully seat oh okay no I'm not
even Evan saying that as a joke I'm not
even saying that as a joke Wow the fully
CG target was an interesting choice fart
in a union all right you know what he
wanted sarcastic so well you know what
fine fine you know what fine you've been
around wild light be this way to fully
what fully CG Tarkin was an interesting
choice Paul the fully CG Tarkin was an
interesting choice but fart nyan yam
there you go I said you think that you
did rich you sure said it
Foxtrot 3d in the shot saying hey Jack
hey rich do you guys wish that Lucas had
held on to the Star Wars license now
that he will likely be now that we will
likely be swamped with Star Wars for the
rest of her life um it was going to
happen eventually anyway
eventually even if Lucas didn't sell it
eventually he was going to die and then
somebody was going to start making Star
Wars movies Ranger boots all the side
quests are just cute outfits rich all of
the side quests are collect cute outfits
sounds like it would get old after a
while you know I would love a different
side Chris but hey I'm gonna I'm gonna
be okay with it
here's here's the real deal we as far as
people making Star Wars movies rich is
absolutely right someone was going to
make more Star Wars movies because money
right we should be grateful that you
know right at this exact moment they're
hitting they're hitting two out of three
in my own oh wait was there another one
yeah no there wasn't another one yet in
my book they're hitting two out of three
of the new ones I know that's just my
book they could have done a lot worse
besides your rogue ones I think they're
they're knocking it out of the park but
hey probably not supposed to be here
yeah you got a single get a walk a
caught stealing and a strikeout a cut
steal you caught stealing force awaken
and you know you got
walk on and then I got clods trying to
steal okay we're on base oh no we're not
anymore
okay that's over that's that's that's
the new one that's that's the last Jedi
the force awakens was your single I mean
I just disagree I just disagree is all
oh crap
don't see me don't see me don't see me
oh my god I can't believe he doesn't see
me
go away yes you don't see me you don't
see me everything's fine
ah caught myself in a bit of a pickle a
bit of a pickle I need some bugs
there we go I'm yeah you got walked on
bass you expected to have a man on first
but then he got then he got picked off
so your your expectations were subverted
your now jeez loss never you never would
have expected someone to get picked off
on first you know why I don't know if
it's because it's a sports analogy or
what but you've you've lost me you've
lost me most most of the way here
none I think they're doing a fine job a
fine job with the main series like The
Empire Strikes Back that that movie was
too good just to be an ordinary home run
the Empire was a was a it was a it was a
fucking a triple but then Empire was so
cocky its stole home okay
all right I'm with him because Empire
was awesome yeah movie yeah I'm with you
I'm with him now you've got me back to
your now okay
use football analogies baseball sucks no
go fuck yourself I love baseball
ah football's a lot of sweaty men
ramming into each other it's just not my
thing just hugging a lot of hugging
grindin handsy it's a handsy sport just
touching I'm not touching
I'll talk you we're a little talky come
on all right what I'll upset football
fans in the champ Oh moving moving on
your Sports lame reefer cases hey jacket
Ridge starting valley will be coming out
with a free multiplayer obtain so I'm
not interested I don't even understand
how that would work the fuck am I gonna
do in stardew valley multiplayer but
have some jerk spoiling my my fun anyway
let me allow and try to play star to
valley right it'll be four player co-op
would either of you be interested in
starting a farm with the chat once the
update is out no I'm sorry we wouldn't
get very far by the time we built
anything the stream would be over it's
something I was never interested in i I
don't I don't even get yeah I don't get
what how that would work
piece of dirt crazy Nate 999 says love
to do best of the worst it leaves me
with lingering questions are there too
rich Evans's is there a wormhole to
another dimension in the rlm office yes
is Jack the only one who can traverse it
yes yes yes to all these things yes new
pathway oh nice neat neat stuff all
around Chet has feelings rich what I'm
just I'm not interested multiplayer man
a multiplayer started a family it's just
not a thing that I find appealing yeah I
don't necessarily get oh boy just to
play at your own pace and and you know
make your own little farm the way you
want it made mm-hmm I'm gonna go right
to hell when somebody else is involved
like I could I could see you know that's
that's either like that could be a fun
date night maybe with you and your gamer
lady or dude Burnet he's like hey
instead instead of you know like TV
night okay
hey we got a couple hours let's work on
our farm honey that kind of thing I
could see that'd be cute rich rich hates
multiplayer specifically because he
doesn't want to play with the chat hey
hey hey what are you jackasses do last
time we played Friday the 13th huh huh
huh
mmm huh think about it you go to the
corner and think about what you did I
remember when we played pub G and
someone was just honking their horn and
and ran up to me and started punching me
because they knew where I was streaming
hi remember remembers the stream sniping
yeah think you think about what you did
that was one guy it only takes one it
only takes one to ruin the multiplayer
experience you know
that's that's the the joy and the
downfall of the multiplayer experience
mushroom farming weekend all sorts of
mushrooms who did oh I told Karen about
the the ghost of a tale and she just
checked it out yeah because it's an
adorable little mouse game where you
play as an adorable little mouse oh I
knew she would think it was absolutely
adorable I don't even know how I heard
about this game it's it's been on my
Steam wishlist for so long that I forgot
about it and then I got a little email
that says hey a game on your wish list
finally was released and I was sort of a
little mouse and I hated monster hunter
world
I got monster hunter world hoping that I
could level up enough to play as a lloyd
yeah
from horizon zero dawn and I played is
that the only reason you started playing
Monster Hunter well no I cuz I know I
know like Monster Hunter is like this
big series and everyone loves uh-huh and
but then I saw that I was like oh that
could be what gets me into the series
cuz I love a llama not only do you get a
lloyd but you get a little robot
dinosaur friend okay and I was like oh
that could be really cute that could be
like the thing that gets me into Monster
Hunter with that everybody loves ya
so I played about five hours of Monster
Hunter world and just wanted to die
inside I hated it so much it was grindy
repetitive bullshit you couldn't defeat
any of the monsters that you wanted to
defeat for the first hour or two of the
game you couldn't even go out on your
own it was all questing like you had to
sign up for a quest in order to leave
your room why is it called world was
there a bullshit multiplayer component
where is a bullshit multiplayer
component to it don't suggest anything
to me that has a necessary multiple
opponent you don't know no you don't
need the multiplayer okay
you okay you can't you it's online
always no no it's online always and you
have it that's a game that's done and
gone wants the servers down
you have to login to a server but you
can create your own server and make it
private so no one can join you ok so you
don't need multiplayer it's always been
a multiplayer series ok let's that's one
reason for me not to play it honestly
and man I just did not have a good time
I built a cool character I found some
some neat weapons that I that I really
enjoyed how to let you get a little cat
friend you get a little cat helper who
helps you in the battles and it was just
a not a good time all around you can
still solo it fun I I don't want to get
into and end up falling in love with a
game where I go to play it you know I'm
in the mood 5 years from now I'm in the
mood to play monster hunter world and I
go server not phone I like my monster
underworlds i solo I don't care about
server not found that chicken go fuck
right off yeah
just finish it while it's still new for
fuck's sake maybe I like replaying games
if I loved them I don't know you can
play a monster hunter world without
paying online I'm also being told you
need to login to a server so I'm getting
I'm getting conflicting information here
gosh dang it crap crap
don't be definitely something definitely
saw me
I know I'm an old man yeah who isn't
with the hip kitties but when I buy a
game I kind of want to own that game for
you know as long as I should live and
own the game listen here oh man and not
until the company tells me we're not
supporting it anymore listen old man you
don't know how we roll
nowadays if nothing else just for the
principle of it get real old man I can't
support we took the server down you can
go fuck yourself now I can't get behind
that
I think this fair
yet you still buy games on Steam very
bridging Lee how oft often if I said my
I always get a game on GOG when the
option is there always always if I
really love a game I mean I might look
for a crack I mean I may look for a
crack I still own it if I get paid money
for it I may look for a crack
you don't see nothing get out of here
can we turn up the game audio a tad
please yes they go
it is now turned up at a jeweler what at
a jeweler amount
this is don't work that way nope nope he
definitely something definitely
something you gotta run hijack well I
needed a little stamina back hey hey
definitely saw me okay okay
crap need to put a hiding place need a
hiding place
oh no one over here no one over here
definitely not in this perfect this
mouse-sized chest right here
casual Mouse casual Mouse crazy Nate 999
of chat casual mouse do you already turn
away and go in that easily yeah yeah he
did have I talked about Stephen Hawking
is dead yet we talked about his death
Jack did you know that Stephen Hawking
Stein I did know that Stephen Hawking
good well do you know he was 78 and he
had horrible disease I did it's not at
all surprising that he died I did know
that I I mean I still listen Stephen
Hawkins
gyah genius helped popularize modern
science oh yeah yeah I don't necessarily
have a personal condition to him I just
don't know what I'm gonna have to say
about this really he died yeah but rich
who's in an episode of Star Trek The
Next Generation so you should have
something very very poignant to say
about this wasn't a very good payout in
the Deadpool its arable I love it
what are worse whoo-hoo well he's and
well not yet but what's the worst
Deadpool payout is that is that Stephen
Hawking or or Stanley are you even
talking 1776 but ALS he had a OS yeah
Stanley doesn't have a OS but he's 95
he's just these 120 uh so which is the
which is the better payout currently
Stanley as of two days ago I still think
Stanley would be the better payout
because because ALS you know I do have a
map amazing how much of an absolute jerk
rich is he tops himself constantly it's
true well hum I mean how am I being a
jerk you're talking about old sick
people but I don't know how dare you how
dare you
I'm trying to think of someone who would
pay out less than the Deadpool than
Stanley right now his Wilford Riley's
right right now no one will for Brimley
how old is he he's fucking old and has
had diabetes for 20 30 years not only is
he old he's a big fat man like come on
he pays out less he's not you don't even
get to bet on Wilford Brimley you bet
every day like you bet against him like
I think Wilford Brimley's gonna stay
alive today and he was saying no fucking
way and everyday he people lose 76 isn't
bad for a guy with a debilitating
disease which could have killed him
decades ago honestly should have yeah it
was kind of amazing that Stephen Hawking
has lasted as long as he did
fuck yeah and good I'm not glad he's
dead
I like Stephen Hawking it's just not a
terrible surprise yes
all right
search for the mysterious stranger
that's what I'm supposed to be doing
Oh
I already did them I think people just
want to hear if he had any influence on
you if he had the fun facts or
discussion topics
probably not but still judge scrolled up
before I can read the rest of it I mean
I just I
he wasn't the personal influence in my
life well that that's the thing like I
like I respect what he is done like like
I said not only like his work in
theoretical physics yeah but his work to
popularize modern science like he became
a figure he became a rock star that
helped get people just into science like
you know I have a history of the
universe or the universe in a nutshell
like or both and and you know his
contributions to helped popularize
modern science cannot be underestimated
I just don't necessarily like I didn't
read him every night before going to bed
or anything here's one for your Deadpool
bridge this is Karen in the chat Michael
J Fox oh here here's you know Michael J
Fox oh is a young man yeah but I
but Parkinson's right right right but
he's still young and well you know what
and he's young and rich okay thank drawn
a blank on his name now like you know
the best the best payout on a Deadpool
ever would have been check off from the
new Star Trek movies Yelchin yeah that's
a fantastic payout oh my god man whole
life have them healthy sudden yep oh
that's where the real money is made in
the Deadpool absolutely see now we're
being insensitive yes that's a little
bit insensitive just a little
she asked a little insensitive I worry
about Tim Curry
you should Oh he's not he's not paying
out very much lately well this is what
happens when you ask me about people
who've died and I just get honest with
you isn't it sad well yeah but I didn't
know
well yeah but I didn't know
I thought Bill Murray is gonna kick the
bucket soon he looks so old these days
well that's one of the consequences of
aging jack is that you
you look old what that's just that's
just one of the drawbacks what are you
talking about what does a mini-trial fax
of aging is that you look old
Bill Murray I think would be a decent
pad in the Deadpool cuz like he's
relatively young
yeah well he's relatively he's
relatively healthy he's relatively
healthy he's not an elderly yet well yes
how old is Bill Murray how elderly how
old how old is he
60s or 70s or older that that man was
probably in his later twenties when I
was born when he was on SNL okay six
some people say it's 67 he's 60 says
almost almost 70 he's getting there
you know what if you're if you're
starting a Deadpool that's the big
payout
quit quit hiding that hairline rich
what's that everyone knows I'm losing my
fucking hair I don't think I don't think
I to head out on the last best of the
worst either
be honest rich you were more Santa blook
Skywalker's death than any recent
celebrity death no I didn't I didn't bat
an eye for the Luke Skywalker death
camera camera camera
which why do you engage chat rolls if I
don't know if they think it's fun I'll
get into it that's fair it might lead in
interesting directions
but what we've got a friend in his 20s
with a hairline worse than you my
problem is I can't shave it I don't know
what hit him I don't know I didn't I
wasn't watching I crawled on a wall and
I died it was it a spiked wall I don't
believe so I have no idea what happened
glitch did so did anyone see what
happened rich just admit it you're old
as fuck and gotta die soon I know I'm
well aware of the fact that I have
entered middle age I am aware of this
and I can't I can't shave my head
because I'm convinced my head is too
round for one and we've gone over this
before
we can't be on camera together if I
shave my head yeah the two-shot of two
people with shaved heads then then it
looks like the we're like it's some kind
of weird cult streaming Channel right
it'll be slightly different because you
have a beard we're playing games
together and making plans to go meet
Xenu right after life I think you can
get away with a little bit I think we
can get away with a little bit because
you have the beard yeah yeah all right
so it's not a what is it like if you
were clean shaven and also bald that'll
be super weird yes yes then we are in
the cult together but because you have
the beard there's probably a little
wiggle room there
I got a cut really short a while back
people told me oh my god I didn't like
the way I loved when I was like really
super uniformly short oh yeah I'm not
sure when did you have that cut months
ago mm-hmm uh yeah I don't remember that
song I'm sorry I can't be more help if
it helps I don't remember anything
so I couldn't have been that bad how
does it feel to no longer be a part of
my target audience and it feels like
I've done good enough at life that I've
lasted into middle age also I think our
target audience is people approximately
our age you're aging too then you've
ever been and now you're even older
you're even older we're all going to
grow old and die band and now you're
even older and now it marches on any
excuse to sing they might be giant songs
I'm gonna take it okay so I'm not gonna
okay so see those plants rich see those
red plans I just saved I crawled on that
wall and those must be thorns I crawled
are you are you saved
I am so you'll start again right here if
you
airman yeah thorns they kill you
instantly
they don't look thorny enough right they
don't know what they need to look more
menacing it does not they don't look
like they would kill you but they look
like theyd minorly irritating the climb
yeah but if a giant rat with an axe for
chasing you you deal with it people who
say living forever is worse are retarded
but that depends upon the circumstances
under which you were living forever if
if you're immortal and you get caught in
a cave-in and your buried miles under
the ground and you you literally you
can't move and you're immortal that
would suck far worse than death
you're if you're immortal and you live
and it's like a thousand years have gone
by and you're on a spaceship going to
another planet and the spaceship has an
accident and it blows up and then you're
just drifting there in the middle of
space between star systems but you're
immortal but you're immortal that would
suck and so and then you're just
constantly hungry you're constantly
hungry and cold and floating yeah no oh
god they constantly feel like you're
suffocating just you're just you're
you're dying you're dying all the time
yet die yeah so there's the potential to
be preform being immortal being worse
than than dying there's the potential
and gasping Fuhrer
oh no the vacuum of space would
guarantee you'd be physically impossible
to get to gasp your lungs are just be
sucked out of your mouth that's just
forever until you until you drift into
like a gas giant somewhere and then you
just crushed under intense pressure to
life man like I know what you're
thinking where it's like Oh being
immortal would be great I could just you
know hang out at home all day
and have a good time but you know maybe
back in the day when like dysentery was
the thing being immortal wouldn't be the
greatest okay so now ready for scenario
number number eight of why it would suck
to be immortal yeah
yeah you're immortal but you still age
and who's gotta be there's got to be an
upper limit to that right how do we know
I've seen some spry 70 year olds but you
know what they're still old and you
you're you're weak and you're frail and
you're little but you can never die but
your spotty still goes through entropy
and since that's much worse than being
caught in the heart of a gas giant Oh
what I'm saying is imagine your 200 year
okay so like when you're 90 you're like
this big you shrink down right now
imagine you're 200 and your that's every
fucking day that's every day being
immortal might suck thank you rich this
dark stream is exactly what I've need
the denied hey don't worry you're not
immortal oh you're gonna die and it's
all gonna be fine which which means that
life is worth it man life is worth it
don't take it for granted you can do it
every day
it's okay you're gonna die you're gonna
die and that just means that every day's
worthless
and how do I know where I've been
okay I have the screen door hey the
vendor the silent or the master Kita's
jail to to to to to to to to to to to to
to to I start getting creative you're
guarding a door right mr. Mouse and
heimer
did you hear that you didn't fuck what
do I think of the Tarantino Star Trek
movie well I'm curious to see what a
Quentin Tarantino would do with a Star
Trek if they see you go in the barrel I
can only presume they smash the barrel
yeah you can't go in the barrel if they
see you oh oh okay but I was able to
cheese it just by getting on the other
side of the barrel okay okay
so I cheese door a little bit so there's
no tension at all to being in the barrel
no all right all right
like sometimes you can't open doors and
I don't I don't understand why I can
open some doors and not other doors so
basically if you get into a barrel
you're guaranteed safety that's what it
appears for now yes it appears that yes
if I am made a barrel I am good okay I
don't know if that's true but that
appears to be the case razor blade has
says if I only had three hours left to
live I would watch Jack play ghost of a
tale because it would feel like an
eternity that's cold
it's what you call a slow game
and I think that's fair I think what I
do I have a bottle I need some bottles
alright I think I think I know what I
need to do I think I need to employ some
tactics that I haven't been using I
think I need to knock a guard out oh you
distract him with a bottle I've been
trying to distract them with sticks like
I throw a stick they hear noise but then
like I go behind him and I can't open
the door and so what I'm going to do is
instead of distracting them I'm gonna
knock them unconscious because there's a
couple of rooms that I haven't been in
the end okay and actually just picked up
a new weapon the slime anonymous
commentary track on Empire Strikes Back
no we haven't done that you guys have
done the other two but don't think you
should don't you think you should finish
the trilogy I don't give Carrick I don't
give a care in the world if we do or not
also colonial marines vs. arachnids and
from Starship Troopers always wearing a
helmet probably it would probably play
out pretty much the same as it did in
Starship Troopers honestly slightly less
fascist II but only slightly
the bugs would win yeah maybe
look at this card look at his
programming rich he can't leave the
carpet
we were at that's disappointing that's
really disappointing how close can I get
to him look look at how close I can get
to him I can't
okay so here's here's the tools at my
disposal is I have a stick that I can
throw to distract him I have a bottle
that I can hit him in the head with but
he's wearing a helmet so I can't use my
bottle and I got a bottle of goop that I
can throw on the floor that they slip on
but he won't leave the carpet will it
work on the carpet no I tried it but
look at this this is some this is some
balls ass right here I can just do this
all day yeah yeah yeah
balls ass nothing in the cupboard
okay so maybe I can get the other guy to
move maybe I can hit the other guy in
the head with the bottle rich r.i.p rich
have you ever broken a bone
alright P not confirm but I'd be willing
to bet I've probably broken some small
toes I've had some nasty subs but I've
heard for a while afterwards okay some
nasty stubs yeah so I wouldn't be
shocked if I've broken some toes and
never really known they were broken
that's fair and there's nothing you can
really do about toes if they weren't
like you can't put a cast on toe yeah
they just have to heal now I've broken
my collarbone and collarbones are also
really fucked up where they you can't
really like place them right and so my
collarbone like I have a big bump on my
shoulder because my collarbone set all
funny oh and you know it kind of hurts
sometimes if I sleep on it funny so I'm
just kind of generally fucked
tell us about your stub I've actually
told this story before I I think I may
have broken my toe I'm the first the the
night the first night I ever beat Mike
Tyson and punch out oh yeah yeah oh this
you can't even open this door i I
I was playing punch-out and you know as
a kid I can never beat Mike Tyson I was
older I was a young young resident but
20s Jack I was in my 20s and I was bound
and determined to beat punch-out and as
you do it was just a whole a whole
fucking whole fucking night of just a
series of Mike Tyson fights trying to
beat Mike Tyson and I was I was starting
to get him out of starting to get him
down and in the in the middle of my
fight would Tyson that's going well I
Karen and her
and they're around doing something come
home and they don't have curtain never
keys and so there's knocking on my door
and there's a fight I can't pause I
wasn't about to give up my Tyson fight
and Karen's outside the door their
friend knocking on the door and it was
just just like between rounds like come
on no no I don't know I'm in between
rounds I got up I sprinted to the door
to open it as fast as I fucking could
stub my toe horribly open the door and
just hobble back to the the game really
as quick as I fucking could you have
told that story before and it's a great
one I don't think it was in that match
but I beat him eventually that night
there's all worth it you know just
doesn't seem worth it gonna be real
doesn't sound like it was worth it
Karen's version she probably doesn't
even fucking remember remember she
wouldn't Carol I'm just playing some
stupid fucking video okay Karen's
version is I knocked on the door and for
some reason rich was taking a long time
to answer it I don't know why it's weird
did I beat him by KO or by decision I
think it was by decision I think that's
the most - Mike Tyson defeats
I must have missed something in here
that's the only thing I can think of
now you could pause video games right I
don't think you could pause punch out
punch out yeah I don't remember
I honestly don't remember I mean most
NES games I feel like you could though
no start button did the super punch I
think right I think so you might be
right but I may be crazy but it just
made being a lunatic you are looking for
the song yeah I'm old enough to remember
pause was a fucking innovation I am to
welcome to the old man club welcome to
the old man club
a little Pumpkinhead Boudreaux says
great job and they do best of the worst
was it Sun fun to watch thanks guys
you're welcome that it was it was fun to
make it was it was a long time shit in
the makin it was a long night mostly
because Mike had a really dumb idea
but it worked no not because of the idea
I was gonna say no it only worked
because we had something in our back
pocket
that we've been holding on to for just
such an occasion we didn't have some
gold with DOM beverage you know yeah you
gotta give credit to DOM beverage you
know that is that is absolutely fair Dom
beverage was pretty gold might you know
I I think we had a decent enough run
with Don beverage had our third video
been even mild I think you could have
split that into two episodes had our
third video been even mildly funny we
might have been able to split that into
two separate well we probably might not
have we might have done partners that
night if we had a mildly funny third
that's true that's true and then and
then oh the world wouldn't know then the
world wouldn't know the joy of partners
I'm really anticipating Crips now you
guys keep teasing it here's the thing we
almost instead of partners we almost did
Crips we put Crips on like let's see
what Crips was and it wasn't it wasn't
good enough not to save not to save the
episodes I don't you know if we ever do
do Crips as part of an episode I don't
expect it to be amazing but we only
watched like 10 minutes less less but
that tells you all you need to know I
feel yeah
they never say what group Dom was
talking to I think it was local chain
managers from all of the different
restaurants they had on that dead banner
behind him yeah it was a Togo's don't
know why Dunkin Donuts and two goes yeah
he didn't kept mentioning donut well he
kept matching bagels you guys know that
but he also made a doughnut joke
magical trevor 37 says did you know you
were going to be watching partners or
did mike use it as a last-ditch effort
to keep you guys from running the hell
away from the torture he was subjecting
you to great episode no I think I don't
think Mike it was Mike's choice it was
us like we have just some else we have
to do something else oh yeah we hit that
point there's a collective collective
thing as a group we hit that point where
we like we've been doing this long
enough you just kind of know when you
have stuff and and also like we oh we
also know that you guys kind of expect
an hour episode and we just didn't have
the material for this black spyin
edition which by the way I'm not doing
that again
I just want to put that out there if my
if mike says we're doing it best to the
worst I'm gonna say what videos are we
watching yeah and if it's black spine
edition I'm gonna say no thank you
I'm gonna go ahead and say no thank you
Sam Bobby says thank you for bringing
done beverage into my life odd beverage
John beverage ah glorious you gotta hit
that whopper button oh look at this
little glitch we got the the sun shining
through the wall it's fine little tiny
tiny little glitch is there an actual
window above that no no just uh just uh
you know the sunshine through the wall
all right
whoopsie oops all right not the Ella not
the most egregious thing in the world
just something funny amazing episode
perfect editing hope to see more black
spine episodes yeah we'll see nope and
I'm says so hey guys thanks for the
inspiration I started to make videos
from watching you guys and I love it
because of rich I'm doing my sociology
project on Dishonored analyzing player
choice and more that's that's
interesting that's interesting I'm glad
you're not doing a naughty dog game
because everyone just does the same
thing analyzing button well is that by
the way that'd be a much easier paper to
write on player choice in honey talk I'm
not kidding
easy-peasy japanesey says rich I don't
mean to go back to the dishonored
discussion but does the no powers option
and Dishonored 2 interest you
it makes ghosting much more difficult
that be like something you work your way
up to I don't know I don't know well I
mean they obviously decided so you could
yeah do it but I mean that that game was
really built with the idea that you'd be
playing it with powers well you know the
powers are really fun they are fun you
know I I hear you that the no powers run
is an extra challenge but the powers are
super fun Jack aren't you more of badass
if you can kick all of the ass without
supernatural powers doesn't that make
you much more of a badass on paper yes
but that guy over there is like
teleporting calling up demons so you
know main complaint I've heard is that
the powers take it away from that
thief's lineage cuz you don't need
stealth well I mean it's it's it's it's
not trying to be exactly thief 5 for for
whichever you know the powers do kind of
make it its own thing but if you if you
consider that the happier endings are
for not killing people I mean there
there's some there is still incentive
not to go on a killing spree with your
magic powers sure I I mean for some
people for me I kill all the people
everyone all the time but that's how I
like to play you know and much like the
person writing their paper it's all
about player choice well it's it's all
about you know giving giving people the
freedom to play it how they how they
want to here's nothing a little bit
bloodier when I played this honor than I
am when I play thief
a little bit bloodier III I'm a little
bit more willing to kill in dishonor
really cuz I I this might be this might
be stupid I don't know
but in theif you were very specifically
a thief yeah and and and getting caught
and have it having to fight and kill
people it just feels like you were a bad
cat burglar that's fair okay okay just
just because of the nature of your
occupation
hmm I feel better in theif when I'm just
not seen at all occasionally in desired
I don't like that guy interesting
just because specifically like that's
not your occupation right right hmm
that's fair
I say that's fair a lot someone when
someone pointed out that earlier no it's
stuck in my head that I say that's fair
along so there's that have I been in
here already
yes
the answer is yes
dunkaccino says thank you for the
Justice League commentary from now on
I'll be sure to refer to Jason Momoa as
moo moo moo boo-boo thank you for all
the great shows yes Justice League
commentary track yes
noise ma'am says how many TV opening
show theme songs do you know ten twenty
thirty hundred thousands a thousands I
said tens 20s 30s hundreds thousands
why didn't you slip on the thing slip on
the thing they didn't slip on the thing
rich I threw the thing so he would slip
on the thing right and he didn't slip on
the thing aren't you a queen in
Dishonored too
you can choose to play as the other guy
you can play as the guy or his daughter
yes and isn't one of the McQueen Depot's
but yes I don't understand how that's
relevant though is she the Queen or she
the Empress Empress oh look at that
there's a door up there interesting
there's a door up there rich
yeah my plate my playthrough was I was
the queen mmm
I've dishonored - yeah but you play it
as the dude yeah the voice of Garret
from thief had - ha ha ha there was no
choice there was no choice there's no
choice there really wasn't how do I get
up there that's the question
there's a door on top of that roof how
hard it says good evening good evening
vada
did you receive my ice cream gift
certificate you did we did I hope that
place was near you
my wife questioned why I was buying a
certificate from Milwaukee yes a fine
question from your wife I told her it
was for you she said good and I guess to
answer the earlier question which kind
of got sidetracked from I have no idea
how many TV theme songs I know I don't I
don't count them that was a legitimate
question there's a legitimate question
that somebody said yes
well great as I've never counted how
many TV themes yeah what a weird
question and it pays the money they
asked the question no I'm saying like we
get a lot of weird questions all the
time and that one stands out as weird
dig that's just like extra weird
yeah the intended version of Dishonored
2 is Emily I'd imagine
well considering they give you a choice
the intended version is whichever one
you choose to play as that's how choice
works yo this could be neat
okay culture fist says in sixth grade my
teacher told me to take three mice home
for the summer next day the cage was
covered in blood one of the mice had
gotten caught under the exercise wheel
and the other two kept running yeah
that's a fine way to go out all right
man thanks thanks for sharing I guess
police might want to monitor that guy oh
yeah you're getting putting on a list
cuz yeah I got another gets put on the
list man are you sure it's secret maybe
you're supposed to go there well I'm
sure you're supposed to go there but
it's like a secret it's like a secret
supposed to go here I think he's saying
Emily is the cannon choice look if they
shouldn't go out of your way to violate
your playthrough they'd and they don't
if they can keep it vague as to what
happened in the last game they they
absolutely should what
yeah no you don't you don't have to be
either you get to be who you want to be
and that's the good thing about the game
whatever they intended doesn't matter
because they executed it as you being
either of them so wait Corvo has a
personality in Dishonored too he was
silent in the first game in the first
one I didn't really like that oh how
come how come you wouldn't like that I
mean that silent protagonist was such a
good choice for Dishonored one because
that game is constantly asking you what
you want to do in this situation like
are you gonna kill this guy are you
gonna let this guy lived are you gonna
you gonna are you gonna step out of the
shadows to rescue that woman or you
gonna play it safe and stay in the
shadows what are you going to do yeah
and I thought it really helped that
Dishonored one had a silent protagonist
honestly I think the the silent
protagonist question is filled with pros
and cons you could you can play
Dishonored
like like the good guy who was wrong
you're just trying to make the world
right or you could play it like the
bitter asshole who just wants to watch
the world burn
yeah and somewhere in between of course
some sometimes silent is a good choice I
agree with oh my god there's a whole
area I'm a dummy rich I'm a big dummy
I'm a big dumb dummy there's a whole
other area over here that I have never
been in it's great sometimes so
protective like like it all right Legend
of Zelda yeah it always annoyed me that
links silent but you don't really have
any input on the story in a Zelda game
you know right right
but yeah like every once in a while
something other than a hair would have
been nice I'm with you
you didn't see nothing man
you didn't see nothing about your
business no I can work it can work the
Gordon Freeman the world's most famous
silent protagonists oh oh there's a key
hello key on top of a dresser most
protagonists are silent protagonists and
people just want their video games to be
movies someone make a chart if you could
so you know select the grid grab the 100
best selling games okay yeah and then
make a list silent protagonists talking
protagonists what's interesting so and
and you know like do they have a voice
like talking protagonist is either has
voice over or or text or talk in text
bubble yeah right yeah the other the
other is just pure silence what about
our Bioware style where the protagonist
talks but you choose what comes out of
their mouth I'm protecting it still
talks okay that's not a sign of
protagonist let's that's the best of
both worlds right there when you're
choosing what they're saying yeah yeah
that's how to gamify yeah protagonist
I'm just gonna hit you in the head well
then do you count something like Skyward
Sword where there's like there's
literally like three dialogue choices in
the game but technically technically
there's text that's coming out of Link's
mouth
that's a great question yeah yeah I
don't I don't know the proper answer for
that
but he talks this is like a dislike a
few spots in the game where somebody
asked like a direct question and then a
little dialogue wheel comes up and then
you pick one of two or three text
options in in Skyward Sword hmm
and it happens like it's a really weird
thing to add into the game because it
only happens like twice yeah what it's
in there then we might have to go like
just need them but then you almost have
to call that an aberration right yeah I
guess
then Korver wasn't a silent protagonist
cuz they're like two times yeah like
like the Zelda situation there's a
couple of times or you get asking a
question but I don't I'd still say
they're in the spirit of the silent
protagonist despite those that rare
exception to the rule where you get a
dialogue choice that happens like once
in the game if if it's if it's out of
the ordinary that you have a dialogue
horse or if you like say something at
the end ago we did it like if that's
your only line that doesn't kind of your
sign protect that that's an aberration
like a protagonist who talks talks often
okay if you have like one line in the
opening cutscene and that's it you're a
silent protagonist sonic mousetrap says
so which is the more quintessential Jack
game this one are the one with the space
drones which has more essence of Packard
space drones the this is actually is
probably not a game that I'll pick up
again after tonight I've been very bored
with it so you were briefly all about it
when you had like early on the other
night
oh yeah then it just didn't it didn't
like I said I I well I I like Monster
Hunter world's was pissing me off right
and I just I just wanted something that
wasn't Monster Hunter world and the
second I decided to just toss Monster
Hunter world away I got an email
yeah and at that moment steam said hey
something on your wish list is now
available to purchase and I said that's
kismet right there my friend I'm buying
this fucking mouse game I'm just sad
because I know early on yeah when you
first started playing this you were in
really in do because you sub me a
fucking text it was adorable
it was adorable and it was you're a
sneaky little mouse and I was having a
great time and adding a couple hours
into it I see that it's not really going
anywhere okay I was I was hoping to kind
of build on the sneaky Mouse mechanics
and it doesn't seem to be going anywhere
well what's the question you want to
keep playing this oh you wanna do
something else for another hour or so
okie playing for now I mean whatever you
do you can do a slay the spy run now you
want it you want to do one ironclad run
no I'll keep will keep point with you
will just see cuz yeah this is the knife
women are we have an hour here we
started what six what did we start six
six oh god it's only eight we've 8 18
it's only eight don't you switch to
something else people want to see
something else Jesus Christ yeah we're
switching to something else I didn't
well it feels like I've been playing for
four hours it really feels like it
Holy Mother I I want to see you beat the
fucking to slay the spire why are glad I
need to see this let's wait to vit let's
wait till it was 1.0 release really I
can't do it right really I can't I can't
I could you can dry keys you want me to
play I you tell me if you want all I
wrote I want to play I want to play slay
the spires okay great
let me kid you turn this shit off right
now I thought well I wanted to save in
case in case I decide one day to do it
again
okay to enter even though I'm in a safe
space where no enemies are into a hiding
space try to point OSes first time
subscriber here thanks Amazon I usually
watch in YouTube but lately I noticed
something on the sky and ground vectors
in that ad style background you use have
different vanishing points the what the
sky in Rome have different vanishing
points in the really not a big deal I
mean the center is the vanishing point
for everything but then the do the do
the lines and the first furthest edges
go to the center yes I dead center they
don't I don't think it matters I think
it actually looks better this way
but well like it goes you know they both
go off to oblivion mean I think you both
could be the center though the center
center yeah for one point perspective
it's fine it's fine it looks like it
looks fine I think it looks better but I
also think they're right I'm yeah I
don't understand what you're saying
vanishing points are things there's a
little yeah dot in the center everything
all the perspective lines that come from
that
okay great I'm sorry
I just spin out that's hard to
comprehend thought go log in go log in
all right do your thing he's a mouse I
don't think that holy moley