Unworthy
June 3, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoL1uA-kdqE

pop its if they did you popped it right
when we went red for live yeah
popped it to stay it usually takes a bit
longer I know for the extreme to kick in
yeah
so you're just saying things that are
strange to them it's true oh my god did
you guys see that yeah they didn't they
probably did not hello is this a jack
game shit yet is alright here's what
here's the plan we have a plan and this
is it for now
Jack isn't gonna play this game called
unworthy until he gets bored Oh or at
the moment Jack gets bored
yeah we're going to switch over to
injustice to presuming it is finished
downloading we only when when we left
injustice to it only had about an hour
to get done downloading but now we're
streaming that's using the internet that
might streaming might fuck up the
download time on injustice and that's
assuming that I get bored of unworthy
which is very unlikely so as it is a
nice job under the circumstances that a
you get bored of unworthy boom and be
injustice has not downloaded yeah or
will not download I'll just fucking play
Friday the 13th okay great I know a lot
of people want us to do the the solo
missions there oh this out that's what
they're saying they're out now and you
know I don't know you know we were we
were looking at the injustice to store
just a little bit ago yeah and to buy
injustice to and all of the DLC
including all the characters all the map
packs all the the fight whatever is one
hundred and eighty dollars one of the
comic on modern running and eighty
dollars or you can just buy the
legendary edition for sixty I would be
so fucking pissed off if I paid for that
game day one I would be infuriated half
of the fucking characters are DLC yeah I
mean the list
DLC characters is ridiculous DLC is such
a fucking scam if DLC can be a scam I
think I think okay I'm sorry 99.9% of
the time a DLC is a fucking scam okay
I'll say I'll take that caveat yes I
think DLC is or can be can be an
opportunity to add more to a game and be
worth it and you know it it's been done
right before obviously it's not always
done right but but yeah we we took we
took a look at like all the downloadable
characters and and jesus H crisp just so
many so many dlcs that's got me more
than half the characters or actually in
the game yes yeah just went on and on
six dollars each it looks ridiculous man
well cuz you know at first at first time
scroll through and I'm just like
Starfire's DLC character which made me
think of I was over a shopping with my
kids and we were looking at toys and
stuff and and this is this won't be a
deal to anyone who's who's not a parent
but this was the most infuriating thing
we were at Target and they had some Teen
Titans go action figures yeah so the
Teen Titans go are a Robin cyborg Beast
Boy Raven and Starfire yeah okay
and so you kids fan of that fans oh they
love that goofy show they're super
except every show yeah that your kids
love yeah that all of the adults will
say is the worst thing ever
well this is Teen Titans go not
Thundercats roar which I'm sure they
will love next that the adults are
really right right okay I just want to
point that out yeah so no my kids love
it like the movies coming out they love
the show okay so so the cat the main
cast of Teen Titans go again is Robin
cyborg Beast Boy Raven Starfire and they
have a set of teen teen titans go action
figures that
includes Robin cyborg Beast Boy Raven
and jinx yeah a bad guy okay and not
Starfire oh okay okay
they don't have Starfire they have jinx
a bad guy character okay that's weird
because Starfire is in another set and
so if yeah if you want the whole team
you have to buy two sets whoa
bull hockey bull hockey rich I call I
call mad bull hockey you're saying that
like it's supposed to be surprising or
something
I was just very upsetting to me it was
just very very upsetting to me so do you
play as a background element in this
game everything is black and white
everything is in shadow because artistic
III really don't have a stake in the
whole Thundercats cartoon thing yeah I
really don't but there was one comment I
read that really a music okay
somebody was upset because you know
there was real apparently was a really
good adult Thundercats cartoon in 2011
yeah I saw that I'm sorry
you know got cancelled due to low
ratings and lack of interest why aren't
they doing that again
why are they doing that again well I'm
gonna go out on a limb here rich and say
low ratings and lack of interest Raven
we had the show and it was like anime
style adult-themed it was a little more
hardcore and nobody watched it no you
know wash it so you know now we're gonna
we're gonna make it kind of you know
look a little more interesting and you
know I hope that the kids are into it
make it a little comedy comedy shows are
pretty popular right now because you
know it's a it's an entertainment
business where where we try to make
money
yeah yeah I love it I love it
I mean obviously will give the
Thundercats roar a chance when it comes
out my kids might like it might not like
it and I don't care I got I got no as
Kevin Smith would say I got no skin in
the game
people like garbage yeah maybe or maybe
it'll be fun it'll be a funny show
I don't know I don't know nothing no I
know we were talking about Thundercats
roar it looks cute I like that I by the
way I just I'm a fan of that like
exaggerated art style right the asshole
in me is really really just amused by
the outrage yes yes
how could do whatever you want man as
soon as they make the gritty reboot of
eek the cat then I'm on board I'm ready
I'm ready to throw the cat yeah then I'm
ready to throw shit around how dare you
mess with my childhood I've done all
this I've played this a little bit at
home so that's why I'm kind of rushing
through a bit of the story elements so
by the way this is unworthy and it's a
it's
it's a little Dark Souls II and it's
obviously a 2d platformer there as well
is ended by the way it's not a
platformer because in this game you
cannot jump and so it's like a it's like
a 2d Dark Souls II ish they call it a
dark soy souls Metroidvania I don't know
how I feel about the art style yeah it's
a little it's a little look you look too
much like a background element yeah it's
it's interesting I I think it's
interesting they're trying they're
trying for something I get this is
probably a lot easier to develop I get
it
uh-huh look some some easier to do
artistic choices work yeah some don't
some don't
uh you know it's one of those things
where you you get to test you get to
test the limits of art when you're under
pressure looks a lot like dead cells no
this is a lot lazier than dead cells
dead cells everything isn't a silhouette
the the gameplay is quasi similar to
dead dead cells but in the most
simplistic version oh you you collect
sin yeah yes yes it is yes it is which
I'm just I'm just gonna be perfectly
fine with yeah listen it's it's one of
those things this is probably this is
probably a one-person development team
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that
that this is a one-person dev team in
there they're going for something
whether it works or not like you said
it's a whole yeah I'm kind understand
that if it's a one-person dev team I can
get it I get it this this looks like one
of those like made by one dude if you
confirm that or is that just your
specular that's just my specular
oh okay okay but don't don't you think I
don't know I don't fucking know it's
it's hard for me to imagine like a team
behind something this
but gameplay-wise I played a little bit
of it a gameplay wise it's it's there
I'm sure even developing just this isn't
easy oh god no no I mean hey listen any
game right anything
I think this animation is grab that
criticizing the animation so much is I
don't think the silhouette thing works
plus the foreground is like dark black
and then your character bizarrely is
like a lighter shade of gray Brian just
kind of hasn't fade into the background
a bit well yeah I'm not liking
everything everything in the foreground
is dark black you're a slightly lighter
shade of black the area behind you is a
slightly lighter shade of black and so
on and so forth yeah even get muddled
I'm with you okay this reality will
break you sorry for anyone I'm rushing
through just because I've been through
it before
there's the bonfire the classic bonfire
do I think an outline would help I mean
he he basically is a filled in outline
I'm not I'm not entirely sure what you
mean like it what if he had like a white
that might just look weird if they were
surrounded by a white halo I don't I
don't know yeah yeah I could it could
look weird I like it I think it works I
think it's I think it's interesting
enough to work but like you know here I
could see someone getting really
frustrated because it's just hard to
tell like oh that's something I have to
smash but but it all works
so so rich I've I've discovered a new
show I really like you've discovered a
new show you really like I don't hear
anybody talk I've never I've never
really heard people talking about the
show okay I'm ready the Mike Tyson
mysteries
it's an Adult Swim show okay and I've
never heard of it
hey seventies style kind of like
animated like go around the gang solves
the mysteries okay led by Mike Tyson
it's Mike Tyson a talking pigeon his his
adopted 18 year old Asian daughter okay
and a gentleman ghost go around solving
mysteries and is it really Mike Tyson
and it's really Mike Tyson doing the
voice and here's the thing yeah here's
my here's my dilemma
okay I think the show's hysterical oh
boy
but yeah Mike Tyson is a convicted
rapist
oh my they're guilty for liking it ya
know like Natalie like not only rape but
he like beat the shit out of several
women yes yeah right right
I get what you're saying hard to beat
hard to be on board with that I I know
he did his time
oh you know what that's it that's
actually a different a different take on
the whole situation he did do his time
yes Norm Macdonald is the talking pigeon
Norm Macdonald is the talking pigeon
yeah that sounds pretty good so uh
talking sex-addict pigeon oh good well
of course cuz why not
buzz let's March dead it's like adults
with like 11 minute long episodes and
some of them had me laughing pretty
hysterically yeah yeah I'll say this
about Mike Tyson he's either really
really dumber than anybody thought or G
he has a very good sense of humor hey
mine Tyson well yes it's it's the this
this the him doing his time raises a
larger philosophical question right he
committed a crime a horrible crime oh
yeah
horrible horrible but the whole point of
jail is oh you know you you do your time
and then you know you're reformed or
whatever right and so like the whole
idea of jail is once you get out of jail
slate yes wiped clean you did a bad
thing we put you in jail now now it's
kind of even steven and so there's some
people Chad saying you know that the
fact that he did his time doesn't matter
because you know he's still he's still a
psychopath and it's like well then
you're just saying that jail doesn't
matter which is a whole larger thing
right wait and then we might as well
start you know freezing people and
reprogramming their brains or sucking
their ghosts out of our body or just the
death penalty or for everyone for more
things yeah yeah exactly
and so yeah that's just a bigger that's
just a bigger topic there man I gotta
remember how to beat this guy I've
beaten him before sunt devourer of light
out
person in the chat talking about it I
actually watched the first season of
iZombie with Karen II it's a cute show
oh that's that's CW's yeah I'm sure yeah
I haven't I haven't gone out of my way
to track down the second season so
you're not like super and that's super
into it but basically enjoyed it what's
the premise that when woman turns into a
zombie she needs to eat brains she gets
a job working at a morgue and she has
the memories of people they end up in
the morgue and she ends up like
frequently solving their murders okay
that's cute yeah oh that's cute we can
deal with that she like gets their
memories and their personality traits
temporarily oh so then she gets to play
like different parts yeah yeah she could
see like gonna be different people for
each episode yeah ask cute
that sounds like like classic wacky
procedural
classic CW procedure all fluff it all do
eat the brains gain their knowledge wait
wait does she does she gain their
knowledge or just their personality she
got some memories from them
okay so yeah a little bit of knowledge I
suppose I suppose
you know what I've still have never seen
mr. robot I've heard people say it's a
good show I'm just not I'm not familiar
with it I just don't care that much do
you have a shield I'm gonna do
does it riposte No
thank you
ah damnit and I died extra hard that
time yeah yeah is this on the Gameboy it
does look a bit like a gameboy actually
this this could be a Game Boy no pardon
him this could be a gameboy game as
there are only there are only two
buttons in this game there's roll and
there is attack that is it I am maybe it
started as like one of those like gluten
dare game jams yes only two buttons and
so that's it it's just roll and a tag
this could you know I'm sure it actually
could not be a Game Boy game for me
technical reasons that I am not privy to
but galactic Sean says dholak Big Sean
love nerd crew do you feel Disney makes
Star Wars stories as a band-aid for fan
gripe and do you think escape the sarlat
Sarlacc pit is in the works
Mike I think Farscape is a great show I
think I really love first I know you do
and I just could not get into it I mean
it you know it got cancelled at the
wrong time you know lady get cancelled
out of cliffhanger but they did get to
come back with the miniseries and and
while like the miniseries would have
been season 5 it's like a rush season 5
okay it works well enough it gives you
the conclusion that the show needed hmm
how long is the miniseries um I forgot
how many hours it was it was like
probably four hours okay
maybe less maybe less I'd have to go
back and actually double check how long
it was I don't really remember but the
end the end the last chunk the the
climax is what it needed to be okay I
guess suppose that's good how
when does Farscape get good um before
the end of the first season maybe
halfway through the first season it
starts getting good when she honest
shows up helm yeah maybe I got a maybe I
got a work pass I I don't think you know
I I was able to get like oh I was able
to get you did you Jack I'm not bothered
if you don't like Farscape because I'm
not weird
oh why no I know I just you know I know
I know it's a show you really enjoy it
and I have heard you know good things
about it we don't you don't like
guardians of the galaxy
well I think that's a that's
specifically a James Gunn yeah okay I
think I'm not a fan of James Gunn's
style of comedy shit and in a lot of
ways guardians the galaxy is just
completely ripping off Farscape hit him
oh my god dang it Swedish a Isis hey
guys recently re-watched Bugsy Malone
Xena thoughts also a musical related
question the anything-goes intro in
Temple of Doom yeah essential annoying
fun man or what Oh fun fun I don't know
what I'd say essential but fun
okay serious question yeah a Bugsy
Malone is that what you want as well
no I was gonna talk about Indiana Jones
but I don't know what's what's Bugsy
Malone okay Bugsy Malone is actually
it's actually interesting it's got Jodie
Foster and Scott Baio but when they were
kids there's like when they're still
clearly kids ain't really teenagers but
kids playing gangsters it's like a
gangster movie but all of the parts are
played by children acting as adults that
sounds fantastic it's weird
that sounds fantastic what a great
premise yeah okay I got to remember that
one
I think of a Scott Baio yes
all kid cast that sounds hilarious that
sounds like wise was that wasn't that
guns it was they threw pies I'm trying
to remember and that that sounds
familiar to me if your pies to kill Pete
yes and Jodie Foster was young Jodie
Foster okay that sounds great my blood
chance is rich wait wait what wait yeah
I was on about any any Jones oh yeah
yeah yeah here's my serious question
about Indiana Jones okay how popular was
Raiders of the Lost Ark compared to
Temple of Doom extremely I mean what do
you mean compared to I'm a popular
they're both popular was Raiders of the
Lost Ark a gigantic hit yes okay and
absolutely and and I was too young at
the time so it was absolutely a gigantic
Raiders was a gigantic it okay well you
know because in talking about that the
opening musical number which i think is
very fun and I also think does a really
good job of setting up kind of the world
they were in and so like my question was
like did they need to set it up if if
the first movie wasn't that popular you
know we're doing a period piece in the
1930s let's let's do a song and dance
routine yeah oh yeah I know it works
there we go no it totally works
III really enjoy the opening it sets the
mood you know while overall I don't
really like the guardians of the galaxy
I think that's something that the first
movie did really good yeah is when you
get that musical number and you see
Peter quill dancing and walking to his
objective you know exactly the tone of
the movie and so even when it gets
darker you know it's it's it's a fun
movie yeah and so yeah Temple of Doom
does the same thing this is gonna be a
fun swingin movie no matter the highs
are low oh come on
very important
if some people don't like temple of doom
I like it I have no problems with temple
of doom yeah it's fine I mean it's it's
no Raiders the best movies ever right oh
sure like and I would probably put it as
like you know out of the three Indiana
Jones movies I'd put it third because
Last Crusade is beautiful yes
I'd probably go I'd probably go Raiders
Last Crusade Temple of Doom not to say
the Temple of Doom is bad I'll put
Raiders first I don't know how I ranked
last here they're close I like them both
yeah I like the ball huh that's fair I
know a lot of people a lot of people
complain about um what's-her-face being
annoying well he's got really Scott but
she works as a take of the classic
damsel in distress exactly that's like
that's what she's supposed to be right
she's playing the role that she is
supposed to be playing so yeah it's a
fine movie
fine fine movie
fine finally all those Indiana Jones
movies all three of those Capshaw's the
only bad part of Temple of Doom she has
annoyingly shrill that's the one he's
supposed to be that's that's the part
that she I mean she's acting correctly
yes some people just don't get it there
they're playing the damsel in distress
trope straight with Willie Scott and
either like that or you don't they're
playing the whole movie straight that's
one of the greatest things about Indiana
Jones is just cheesy pulp hero huh and
and they're playing the whole done with
a big-budget yeah yeah yeah yeah
all right why am I gonna be boring
Efendi fought Nazis for three straight
movies oh yeah yeah yeah no that was
foot that was fun in the first one and
you know we get we get little uh oh well
I suppose he's fighting the Nazis in the
third one yeah you suppose well in that
movie where he fights the Nazis I've I
forgot for a moment I was uh I was
thinking of is that is the other like
the guardians of the temple okay I was
like oh no those oh no no he's yes he's
definitely am I in my head for just a
second the red herring tricked me set up
you set up this character who goes on
adventures yes
what I'm not sure we go on this week
Nazis okay oh what a venture me to go on
this week Nazis what a venture we gonna
go on this week Nazis what adventure
we're gonna go on this week more Nazis
you might as well be called Indiana
Jones Nazi hunter right right right
not archaeologist he's going to be a
globe-trotting hero he'd need to fight
different things on occasion
absolutely oh shit doesn't oh shit
absolutely
throat of despair yes fate of Atlantis
is on our list of games to play
that is the point-and-click Indiana
Jones Adventure which many consider to
be the the true forth Indiana Jones
sequel so I would be absolutely okay
playing fate of Atlantis did you ever
play that one so it might be a good one
to play valiant bloodshot says rich
yes panic blowjob have you ever played
the Sniper Elite games I just played the
third one today it plays and feels like
Metal Gear Solid five Oh way better and
no terrible story it's a shooter you'd
probably enjoy if you want to challenge
I shoulda played the elite sniper games
I never have
I've not played any of them no
particular reason the elite sniper game
yeah yeah I hear good things supposed to
be fun vomiting ugh says shit what did
you think of the Mega Man 11
announcement trailer it looks kind of
like the original demo from rightie
number nine you think Capcom would have
come out with Mega Man 11 without mighty
number 9 did you hear about Reed Ashe a
Mega Man Legends tribute reader sounds
vaguely familiar but I don't know much
about it as far as Mega Man 11 I mean I
don't know Mega Man looks terrible and
his running animation looks terrible
okay I'm fine that the making another
Mega Man game I didn't even know that
they were making about Mega Man game
they go they go that's great good for
them maybe was mighty number 9
successful yeah it was kind of infamous
I doubt that would inspire any games it
got it got less unless this is just them
Capcom telling ya to go fuck himself
like you fuck that up here you think
you're the Mega Man man here
we're gonna do this he's our man he's
our mega man and fuck you he's our mega
man mighty number 9 was a dumpster fire
no it wasn't a dumpster fire I mean it
could have been a lot better but had
solid controls yeah that's more than
half the battle a platformer good
controls yeah it had issues but it
wasn't some lame some lame levels yeah
yeah they'd had some really lame levels
I mean I know their their community
manager was an sjw or something but oh
is that if I don't think that makes the
game a dumpster fire you know it's just
kind of bad with some good qualities to
it too many dumpster fires
you can't put out all the dumpster fires
uh-huh there's just too many of them
fucking hell nope nope nope
only we can only handle one dumpster
fire per month at this point that's the
new that's the new limit everyone so get
on that only one dumpster fire per month
please so choose your dumpster fire
wisely nope no I'm just I'm just running
past you you too bye
when do I think they'll announce doom
two or five or whatever it will be
called when they're ready to reveal it I
guess I can only presume they're working
on another doom game as the last one was
super popular I'm gonna make a ton of
money if they make another doom game so
I can only assume it's in the in the
works but what we also know is that the
people who made the doom game were were
really passionate about the doom game
right right and so if they are working
on a sequel to that game and it's not up
to their standards they're not gonna
fucking release it yeah as as somebody
who loved doom the my answer is I want
to hear about it right now and I want to
play it tomorrow of course of course as
as an intelligent human being though I I
want to see them do it right and the
proper answer is whenever they're ready
to reveal it mm-hmm when when they think
they got something worth showing mm-hm
and hopefully they don't rush it out the
door
mmm-hmm as far as the title it probably
won't be a number it'll probably be some
kind of subtitle it might just flat-out
be called hell on earth
do you don't think they'll do dude
doomed to hell on earth that was what
the actual doom 2 was called
the original doom 2 was called doom to
hell on earth they might just call this
one doom hell on earth or go you know
like listen they've already called the
remake doom uh-huh you might as well go
full-on reaming also call it doomed to
hell on earth why not so then we as
critics get to go doomed to hell on
earth 2019 or whenever it comes out guys
you know what like part of me really
likes this art stock is like look at
those things right it's like and it's
fun to imagine just kind of what they
are what are you are you gonna kill me
why not call it doom on earth because
that's weird
hell on earth is a thing that people say
doom on earth doom on earth is just
weird
I'll give you points for interesting
that's interesting I couldn't do them on
earth I'm gonna like classic doomed to
as much I like the the expanded monsters
I like I like the new monsters they
added but the levels in doom 2 we're
awful puzzling oh yeah yeah I'm not
looking good I'm not looking good
sure use a fire right about now about oh
fuck what do you mean by puzzly levels
by the way find the hidden key not as
much of a straightforward shoot the
monsters oh ok
but there were still shoot the monster
Oh monsters yeah ok but then like beyond
shooting the monsters you also had other
shit to do that levels could be kind of
confusing and not straightforward
and what switch am I supposed to hit
sure sure I remember replaying doomed to
a few years ago a couple years ago and I
mean there's a secret oh there's a
secret over here the jig is up
anyone super excited about the new
noclip documentary what they're doing
one on Bethesda okay just a giant like
history of the whole company just
fucking everything we're gonna die we're
not we're gonna give you a fucking
everything and a sneak peek at this new
fallout 76 they've gotten they've gotten
access to okay okay
which many a you know of course I don't
really care about fallout you know I
actually like there's a lot of the
Bethesda library that I don't care about
I'm more just excited about a new noclip
documentary fallout 76 is what I call
yeah we have many details on this we
have no details on this what Pete what a
lot of people are assuming is some sort
of online survival some people are even
going as far to speculate it's gonna be
an online battle royale 776 is a weird
thing what in in universe in the Fallout
universe yeah when does the war happen
is this presumably something that takes
place before the war no it's a vault
7600 okay its vault 76 but yeah there's
there's a ton of speculation and just
nobody nobody knows nothing nobody knows
nothing about nothing oh the war takes
place in 77 but but people are like like
one of their social media managers was
just like hey this is not a new Fallout
game this is not a new open-world RPG
and if you think it is you're gonna be
disciplined I'm not necessarily saying
it's gonna be an RPG I'm just wondering
you know based on the name whatever game
it is
oh you know what absolutely possibly but
yeah a lot of people are speculating
survival our survival online game some
people are saying it's going to be a
battle royale game there's tons of
speculation
I guess bald 76 is the thing in the
universe all right all right yeah we're
sorry I speculated Jesus is fuck it
might be into it well but but see like
you can't I don't think you can have an
in-universe Fallout game happened before
the fallout yeah because you know what
the outcome is gonna be no matter what
like what's your goal in a game before
the fallout happens literally anything
they want right oh right he could be
about how the war started I don't
fucking know I'm not I'm not big on the
Laura fallout I don't know oh no I just
think you turn it you get you get into a
terminator situation where it's like
well it's gonna happen anyway no matter
what you do right like kill squad no
matter what you do what's gonna happen
I'm so glad that we can finally talk
about about Ryan's babe and kill squad
Oh chat there's so much that we've been
holding in the same pattern every scene
every scene breather in between even
just confront run kick snipe confront
run kicks nut so when someone had a good
idea like we need to make a t-shirt that
says that just confront period run
period kick period snipe that would be a
great shirt don't you think I don't know
in any case you you can you you people
in chant have don't understand how
ridiculous all of those movies were but
how
we're not coming on that dick punch
because there was so much going on that
movie like the dick punch was the least
of everybody's concern there was some
higher level weirdness going on beyond
just a cheap groin shot yeah yeah sure
dick punch great have you noticed the
rest of the fucking movie Brian's name
really on the same level as the room
it's a different movie but oh yeah I I
honestly and you know I was trying to
explain it too there's still no
performance that will ever match Tommy
Boy well it doesn't have it doesn't have
that it doesn't have that it doesn't
have the incredible narcissism of breehn
like they each have it's it's like
different flavors at the same intensity
you know it doesn't have Tommy Wiseau it
doesn't have the narcissism of brain but
it has something so incredibly special
which is something we could never
articulate I don't think you came the
closest when you said it was 20 movies
freeze-dried into one right right that
and it's so true like you just like the
the camera cuts and it's a whole
different movie with no explanation to
how the movie started you put the movie
in a vent 20 movies in a vacuum chamber
yeah and just suck everything out all
the details the plot structure
motivation still all these 20 movies yes
one minute segments chef on the same DVD
and that's Ryan's babe yeah and it since
it's that's the best way to describe it
it's absolute insanity all of a sudden
he's at a truck stop why is he at a
truck stop we don't know but he has a
job when did he get that job we don't
know like other movies that have 20
different things going on usually like
everything comes together at the end of
course like Cannonball Run everyone's
doing their own different events but at
the end everybody kind of comes together
and whoop
all the threads tie up at once yes
it's a mad mad mad mad world if ones on
their own weird pass but they're all
going to the same spot and they all get
there at the same time whoop everything
gets tied up oh yeah
cannonball run that cannibal run
cannonball cannibal run is a very
different movie a very different movie
Cannonball Run is a movie about it I was
a cross-country race I forgot where it
was but it's not like a race track but
it's racing the other end of the country
oh yeah well I don't know if it's
cross-country or if it's just like
California that Vegas it's a ways yeah
it's a cross state lines race using
actual roads and they have like bizarre
strategy is to get out of being pulled
over by the cops yeah yeah somebody's
driving an ambulance wasn't somebody
else dressed up like nuns they like get
the sympathy card if they got pulled
over
yeah yeah right all sorts of general
insanity Canabalt was East Coast to West
Coast okay okay all right I believe you
just because I don't know any better
gosh damn
gosh dang it so like that's that's the
thing is these types of movies that have
all of these different storylines that
is what is supposed to happen is they're
supposed to be the payoff Blues Brothers
I think is is a fantastic example they
meet all these strange characters along
the way but one you have a destination
you have an overarching goal we're on a
mission from God
to do this we have to do this boom
overarching goal and then you get all
your wacky stuff and then everything
comes together at the end for a
satisfying conclusion job well done
yeah this Ryan's babe is is five-minute
vignettes that are frankenstein stitched
together they don't even improperly half
of them well that's the thing we're so
stop like like you know you want to
reattach your arm to your shoulder but
you at you attach your forearm right to
your shoulder you missed the elbow
completely it's nuts man it's apps of
fucking lutely nuts it is and and that's
just the structure everybody is
overdubbed fucking everybody is overdub
to the point is there a payoff for the
professionally the perpetually drunken
dad doesn't he just stop wanting to kill
Ryan
I forgot what happened the babe the the
babe tells him that that she I don't
think they showed that though no they
just talked about it after the fact the
babe talked to Ryan's mom to say that
she told her dad that everything was
fine so you remember don't you remember
it so many babes
everybody's a babe oh man oh man oh man
remember when the prostitutes husband
confronted the mother and the daughter
with a gun and then ended up getting
shot for the police oh wait that
happened off camera
haha so what's your problem
fuck just lost a ton of shit I don't
know what those things do ya know that
happened like there's I I I'm really
looking forward to a rewatch Jim from
Canada I was talking to me yeah because
apparently Jim from Canada without
knowing that we had that movie or watch
that movie recently got Ryan's babe yeah
and was like we were just about to watch
it and so hopefully we can next time
they're here we can all do a another
watch a second viewing not taping
ourselves so we can just enjoy you know
yeah I'm assuming Mike wants to see
about oh yeah yeah oh that's right I
didn't even think about that
Mike missed out on Ryan's babe
on Ryan's babe life-changing a
life-changing movie
rebel base says hey guys hi rebel base I
picked up rogue sky from a switch
because you guys had so much fun playing
it oh yeah that was the the flight sim
procedural rich they added a cockpit
view I remember that being something you
specifically asked for maybe you can
play it on stream again as always thanks
for the content like an actual copy they
had like a first-person view right yeah
it wasn't a cockpit I know I don't try
and remember I think I'd be great yeah
that's a fun good man the switch gets
everything this switch has everything
except for Dark Souls remastered which
by the way I'm sorry I really want to
play there's nothing I could do to help
you that's true rich that's very very
true the latchkey kid says have you guys
ever thought of playing any of the jack
box games on the stream great
audience-participation quip lash and TKO
are the best I'm not familiar with the
jack box games that you don't know jack
people cuz I know you don't know jack
it's a trivia game oh yeah I love those
games but I'm not I'm not familiar with
whiplash or TKO
te e KO you don't know jack games are
fantastic trivia games
my most difficult thing about you don't
know jakka's they phrased the question
so confusedly because they're trying to
make a terrible joke uh-huh so it's the
problem it takes me it takes me longer
to decipher the question that takes me
to answer the question uh-huh what the
fuck are they trying to ask what part of
that question is a joke of a party
that's the question what
Oh have all these items and I don't know
what any of them do it's almost like
that's the point well whether or not
it's the point doesn't change the fact
that I don't like that CyberLink says
thoughts on chicken and waffles
isn't it the pinnacle of human food
achievements no yes cheese fries is the
pedicle of human food chicken and
waffles is the most delicious thing in
the world red chicken waffles
chicken and waffles yeah I'm okay
whatever I've never had this combination
you're missing out okay you are you are
missing out it is it is a culinary
experience almost like no other
something cake and beef yes that's
exactly what it sounds like but you know
I mean really the waffle is just bread
right like that's that's all a waffle is
it's just a sweet bread but it's it
turns into this amazing concoction where
you know you have you have your your
sweet and flaky waffle covered in syrup
and you go okay I understand this and
then you have your crispy chicken your
savory crispy chicken they may put a
little hot sauce on it right and that is
beautiful and then you start you know
combining the two where you put a little
syrup and hot sauce on your crispy
chicken and then you put a little hot
sauce and syrup on your waffle and you
just start eating it all together and
all the flavors shockingly work
harmoniously together and they are it's
beautiful me I will have to just take
your word it's absolutely beautiful
years ago on one of my trips to to Los
Angeles we went to Roscoe's chicken and
waffles of you know famous Los Angeles
rosco chicken and waffles and I didn't
know what to expect so you saw her like
hey what's the normal thing to order
yeah you know because it's a full
restaurant not just chicken and waffles
and they go I know what you
okay okay white boy I get what you're
here that's they didn't say that but
that's the tone that I got was I was
fine you know they guy I got a nice
sweet iced tea some some chicken and
waffles and it was absolutely delicious
yeah highly highly recommend chicken and
waffles crispy fried man says I got
wizard of legend and it is fun but also
frustrating I feel like I'm getting
nowhere in terms of getting good spells
earning gems and getting more powerful
in the game how long do you play it
before you get good got any tips review
it soon yeah none Jack waited that much
since you know played on a stream and I
then after the stream I tried to I gave
it maybe another hour and a half two
hours just like okay I you know this is
this is I end I will I'm a Kickstarter
backer apparently I completely forgot
that I backed it on Kickstarter to be
100% honest with you
hold on yes it is bone-in chicken it's a
it's a bone-in chicken breast on top of
a waffle but uh so I like at one point
in the development of this game I was
very excited I was excited enough to
give them money yeah before the game
came out and in the time playing it here
on stream and playing it at home I
didn't much care for it it was kind of
underwhelming okay and so I have no tips
I have nothing to offer you because I
was super underwhelmed by wizard of
legend only playing it for you know what
six hours and four of those being on
stream so I haven't played it but him it
looks looks a bit like a hyper light
drifter to me I like that ya know it
probably has some good elements but and
I can't tell you why it is that I don't
that I'm not into it but I was shit look
at this thing
interesting interesting did you just
push me look he just pushes me back
right ho Jeeves says hey guys here's
some money that I'm giving you for
having the fortitude to have watch
Brian's babe
Ryan's but Jay suggested it might have
the kind of appeal that the room has
would you suggest other people watch
this movie for entertainment if you're
in our bad movie circle yeah yeah I mean
obviously yeah yeah oh yeah yeah this is
this is a showstopper this isn't this
isn't your first rodeo
Ryan's babe but if you've already seen
your samurai cops and you're Miami
connections and you've and you've
laughed along to the room if you've if
you've breathed it up you are ready for
Ryan's babe yeah it's it's something
else man great artist Neil Breen says
Mad Max fury road is the best action
movie ever made
yes yes Jack what choose better fateful
findings or partners mm a haven't seen I
haven't seen fateful findings oh I know
rich and I did I cheat it stop waiting
yeah I cheated and you know what it was
worth it okay I did see fateful findings
we were having a group of friends of
mine who had also not seen the room we
got together and watched the room and
after we were done watching the room we
were all tasted up for more and fateful
findings is on Amazon streaming for free
and well and it was great it was you
need to see it I know you know I know I
can't know you it's fine you're being
smart you're waiting until cameras are
rolling so you know but fell off oh so
so what's better partners or faithful
findings Breen is the answer to that all
right like partners is really special
then the follow-up which is better
fateful findings or Ryan's babe
now I haven't seen fateful findings yeah
I have seen double down yeah I'll put
double down over Ryan's babe I'm double
down over it yeah yeah well it's and
this is what I was talking about before
where it's like like if you look at
Tommy Wiseau you look at Neal Breen and
you look at Ryan's babe to me their own
what you can't compare them to each
other because they are so unique excuse
me in their badness right like Tommy
Wiseau is a clear alien he is a Martian
living among us trying to blend in yeah
Neil Breen is so up his own ass that he
can't see the terrible movie movies he's
making yeah and that's something very
special but very different than Tommy
Wiseau and Ryan's babe is like a little
bit alien a little bit up his own ass
and just a little bit incompetent you
know like it's a little Miami connection
where they just want to make a movie
yeah and so I I I don't know if I'd put
them above or below each other just
because they're different flavors okay
okay
Ryan's baby is very special partners
though like it sounds like I'm dissing
partners and I you know you need to know
that that partners I never wanted to
watch partners again after the first
time and just knowing that that dude
taught film school man I know I know
yeah that dude Todd film school he made
partners banhammer kool-aid jammers his
opinions on The Truman Show my favorite
movie of all time
I love the premise I don't know that
I've ever super been big on Jim Carrey
that's a good movie I like The Truman
Show Jack you seen The Truman Show I
like I like The Truman Show a lot
I like the German show a lot and
no I think it's a fantastic movie I
think Truman Show has a fans ask me I
and but I mean I guess I'm coming from a
stance of really liking Jim Carrey mhm i
I think he's incredibly funny and when
the Truman Show came out that was one of
his like turns into a dramatic role and
I think it showcased him really well as
an actor I love the premise I love the
story yeah I love the Truman Show I'm
super into the cheering job I think it's
great I think it's great my my mom who's
a bit of a hippie yeah she she's a bit
she's a bit on the whole like
anti-government yeah hippie side of
things watch The Truman Show and and had
to turn it off halfway through because
you know like it's literally about like
the world oppressing one man it she's
like I couldn't do it I was like might
you have to watch the whole movie too
you know because that's that's the whole
point is like the whole literally his
whole world is against him until you
should really finish the movie she's
like I can't I can't and I won't you
can't make me she we're storming amuse
this whole world's lie right right and
then you're like it's it's it's a
beautiful philosophical a question at
the end of the movie where it's like he
could have chosen the easy life like
every everything you need you will never
have to worry just be part of the the
universe we've created for you and you
never have to worry again and you know
oh he doesn't worry either way he's oh
you know why you know the the most
popular show on earth he was on it for
fucking over 20 years god dammit he's
gonna have so much fuckin money after he
escapes
what are you he was like thirty he was
thirty some Jesus Christ he's gonna buy
his own private island he's gonna be so
isolated oh yeah that's that's not true
man ends up oh of course
totally buys his own Island and just
need nobody he's even less people that
he can't trust the rest of the world
right he just wants to be alone he's
gonna be one of those people that buys
like Anna
and nuclear bunker have you seen her
like a nuclear missile silo that I turn
into a house and just seal himself in no
one can see me no what can see me but
but here's the thing if you're if you're
not reading you know what happens after
the movie into the movie there's there's
just that nice morality tale and uh yeah
it's so I'd like The Truman Show a lot I
actually I think I want to really watch
that now that you mention it he's gonna
be a very lonely man cuz he doesn't have
any friends he's got one from is yeah
he's got one on the outside the one who
tried to get him out of there right the
lady are they friends II barely knew her
he's well what I'm saying is he has one
person on the outside that he controls
they're gonna meet once on the outside
couple times gonna be a little bit
awkward yeah yeah rest of his damn life
maybe you should complete shut-in he'll
probably shut in for like a couple years
but then after a while like you know The
Truman Show buzz will die down
everything will get to him and then
he'll have all the money in the world so
then he'll just probably enjoy all the
people you'll have trouble trusting
anybody oh that ship has sailed
he's not gonna be able to trust anything
yeah sure ones ability to trust will be
gone is God
he might want sex at some point you hire
a prostitute he's not gonna be able to
he's not gonna be able to trust close
relationships oh yeah listen like he
can't you know if you remember the movie
like his father died right only to find
out that his father wasn't his father he
was an actor who is still alive and
apparently felt nothing no he didn't
remember his father broke back in to
tell him was that it oh okay yeah yeah
that's what that's what started the
whole thing is his father like pretended
to be like a an extra like broke back
into Warren okay okay but uh it's been a
while since I've seen it me too but uh
but no but I like it so but but that's
the point like he was 30-something when
when he discovered that his parents
weren't his real parents
he could never have he can never have a
relationship wasn't the father just
fired and wanted back on the show oh is
that it maybe maybe damn it so his
father was hoping just to get back on
the show not good for the son may be a
very different movie I guess you
couldn't do a follow-up to the Truman
Show but what happened to Truman
afterwards Jim Carrey is probably in the
right space because he's a he's a weirdo
ah the Truman Show that's good
that's a good one now I definitely want
to rewatch that I'm probably nobody
wants that before I see solo rich I've
made a decision
did you do whatever you want you shit I
don't give a fuck if you watch solo or
not no that's the decision I made that's
that's what I needed to let you know
here's my decision and this is for the
chat and everything I don't care about
solo I don't care about solo enough to
have seen again okay that's one oh I
know it's fine I know you think it's
fine I also think it's fine but for a
little bit I think I was trying to
convince myself ah no you should you
should really go see so ah you know
something to talk about is it you know
you could do it for like a work thing or
what and I just I I just don't care then
do you want to hear who the mystery
cameo is that that has people been out
of shape yes I do it well first of all
let me guess yeah there's a mystery
cameo that has people all bent out of
shape it's stupid it didn't ruin the
movie for me but it is stupid oh it's
stupid
then it's Leia no oh it says I thought
it was gonna be young Leia like they've
brought hands
what is the dumbest character that would
show up in a Hansell above the dumbest
character to have show up Jabba the Hutt
that is not the dumbest that kind of
makes sense although it might be dumb
okay it's not the dumbest thing and it
makes no sense
and it makes no sense it makes no sense
will you watch the cloth go to show you
clothes they thought Vader no dumber
obi-wan kenobe we last saw this
character oh no oh no oh no in the
Phantom Menace Jar Jar Binks Darth Maul
watson's our 'the mall with robot legs
makes a cameo at the end of the movie as
the crime boss behind the picture what
yes that's exactly what I said
robot legs Darth Maul out legs Darth
Maul is the head of the crime crime
thing that's the dumbest no never
yeah you know cuz I was thinking oh like
oh what if what if he has an interaction
with greed oh no that could make sense
Oh Oh Bobo fed that would be pretty
stupid but know that kind of robot legs
Darth Maul oh he takes out his
lightsaber and wears it around for no
reason his double Isis forces the
lightsaber into his hand like waves it
that's insane that's utter insanity
shows up as a hologram which makes him
taking out the lightsaber make
absolutely no sense because he's a
holograph I see a minute like so like by
the way then they're leaning hard into
the rebels universe because robot legs
are small shows up in rebels a lot okay
that's well I'm just saying robot legs
Darth Maul is something that exists
already in current Disney canon but that
is wait and he's a crime boss yes I
think the Sith Lord was kind of stunned
when it happened
and I might have lost information just
because I was what made that you know
it's brick it's very brief and I think I
spent half of it like well so like he
went from being the number to SIF in the
galaxy to being like a low-level mafioso
low-level mafia boss but yes I just I
just can't even you know exactly endow
crown puts it right which is now I kind
of want to see it you might have you
might have tips to say the scales for me
a little bit doesn't factor much into
the story
I knew but why is there just to be a
pointless reveal that's what I'm
thinking is just like what purpose what
purpose could it possibly say we have no
idea other than hey there's that Darth
Maul and we need a we need a Jedi of
some sort in here says it's Star Wars so
the movie does have a lightsaber in it
yes
movie needs its obligation but the movie
has at least one lightsaber in it every
Star Wars movie needs one lightsaber
frankly rich I'm flabbergasted
I am absolutely flabbergasted I love it
maybe I I think it's dumb maybe there's
some I'm feeling so many emotions at
this moment sequel bait I don't know as
much as much as I hate Darth Maul I find
the idea of Han Solo vs. Darth Maul
bizarre enough to be intriguing I I
don't know if that's really what they
were going for who knows man
who knows that's crazy
it's it's most likely just kind of like
a fan a you know fanservice thing where
you know there are people who are just
desperately desperately into the Star
Wars universe and so yeah you know throw
them a little throw them a little
something if people like it Omega dirt
but Darth Maul's the main bed but do
they fight or anything or no he just
shows you that makes my tum go my son go
numb he's the bigger boss that the crime
boss worked for and oh my god it was
Dogma yes I can't I can't even like
speculation and I I agreed with it that
it might be setting up for an obi-wan
movie okay sure but all of the fucking
nerds in the comment sections like every
other comment because they can't see
that any everybody else poses this knows
they've met in the cartoons and obi-wan
cooled him into cartoons which would
just make it a pointless cameo that will
have no payoff but I think this people
are deluded enough to think that Disney
cares about the continuity of the
cartoons and they wouldn't just violate
that a second
you know billion dollar movie in a
heartbeat they do they'd crush it man oh
man guys man oh man
that's that's fucked up that is a
hundred percent fucked up 100% fucked up
we saw a leg get sucked into space and
survived why wouldn't Maul survive being
cut in half we talked about then we
talked about this last ring how the Leia
thing is not the dumbest thing in the
world that you don't just instant you
don't instantly freeze or explode in
space right right I mean quickly you you
freeze you know you'd I don't even know
if you freeze quickly you're gonna
suffocate they're gonna say okay before
you freeze you're a cube of space is
going to really want that air to come
out of your lungs and you will very
quickly pass out do lack of oxygen but
it is certainly not instantaneous it's
not instantaneous right right so so
there's a moment where you know you can
get a suit on or use your Force magic
usually rich yeah getting cut in half
yeah that's a pretty quick indicator now
I I know there there are nerds out there
who say well a lightsaber is so hot it
would cauterize the wounds and you know
you still have your heart and your lungs
assuming the Darth Maul alien has a
heart in the lungs where our heart lung
is but still he's got to get to a doctor
pretty dang fast and he died on Naboo
and Naboo just at like moments after
just won the war so I can't imagine he
would find a sympathetic doctor to heal
his wounds Naboo right the Leia thing is
more survivable than you people are
giving it credit for them yeah yeah I
did I it's and and of course none of it
really matters because it's all space
wizards nothing nothing ever ever matter
so if Darth Maul comes back with robot
legs good for him right that's what we
should be saying good for Darth Maul
he's got
legs I think riches stronger point here
is does it make sense to have Darth Maul
in a han Solo movie like I said that's
so bizarre I almost want to see it just
because it's so fucked up
han Solo vs. Darth Maul
it's it's it's crazy
oh wait we talked about the thing we did
oh we did I'm I'm excited that I know
now I'm really looking forward to this
cameo now I'm hoping I can glean a
little more information than you were
able to whoa whisker whiskers cuddles is
Jack how affectionate do you get with
biscuit my cat is my favorite thing in
the world he saved my life by getting me
out of my depression where I was eating
myself to death I realized if I died I'd
be leaving him behind and I couldn't do
it anymore
uh well glad you can't save me why first
of all that's great I'm glad you know it
sounds like you're you're in a better
place now that's great
that is uh I'm happy about that you know
biscuit is a very affectionate cat and
he also requires a certain amount of
pets and snuggles but you know we have
kids and so they take care of a lot of
that so Jack how are you enjoying this
game I am I'm enjoying it quite a bit
I'm probably gonna die so yep there we
go it's it's interesting it's it's not
it's not holding a ton of my attention
would you rather be playing injustice to
are we ready for injustice - I get the
feeling the chat probably is
okay sure what's uh what's our uptime yo
yo chat uptime it I don't remember
exactly what we stopped so I'm gonna say
it's been about an hour I think we
started a little you know we said a
little bit about 7:30 oh okay yeah then
we're fine
shit
Burger King diamond says a previous
stream you were discussing White Castle
burgers haha yep Maxim magazine did a
fast food taste test and decided and
Owen described White Castle as taste
like New Jersey it's more like drinking
a burger sure that's pretty fair no
ma'am you have to grow up with it I will
send the buns the bottom bun on a white
castle burger is disgusting it's it is
disgusting fucking grossest man it's
just the grossest thing you'll ever have
it's it's just the grossest how long to
reach an iPhone but you know so yeah
this game it's not it's not holding a
ton of my attention but I do love it
like just I kind of dig this this whole
idea of all the shadow monsters and you
know this guy is clearly a big ogre with
a hammer but you you kind of get to use
your imagination a little bit i I like
the balls of this game this game's got
some balls they're okay to have a little
style
none of us says bigger clusterfuck
Ryan's babe or dangerous men rinds but I
don't really I don't really remember
dangerous men well enough to answer that
fuck Ryan's babe bigger closer fuck
dangerous men had several like kind of
start and stop points okay but I'd say
that's a dangerous man had like three
separate movies in it okay you know
there was there was like the the husband
and wife that turned into like a revenge
movie and then the wife left the movie
that turned into like just to get the
gangster movie yeah if you remember
dangerous men it's been long enough I
don't even even maybe just to like
dangerous men might just be two movies
but Ryan's babe is honestly twenty
different movies smooshed into one it's
it's ridiculous
it's absolutely ridiculous alright let's
see how we are at ten more minutes ten
oh wow it's not done yet it's not done
yet
alright we have ten more minutes until
injustice two is fully downloaded
alright we've done a really good job
everybody we just got to keep going for
a little bit longer but we
doing great hang in there try fighting
this guy with the hammer none of us does
my apologies to both of them but before
you introduce Simon Barrett in the
latest plink at oh I thought man Colin
really let himself go also I'm hoping
for a best of the worst
j-jack Jim from Canada and Josh for a
j.crew episode j.crew a lot of Jays
popular name thing
yeah you know what are you gonna do what
are you gonna do oh man I don't know we
gonna do about nothing I don't know what
are you gonna do about everything we got
a lot J's Natomas says anonymous the
only interesting thing about so to me
was L 337 because her characterization
was so odd that's the robot I assumed
she's right that droids are enslaved but
the movie plays it off as a joke I think
Lord Miller wrote her to mock sjw Star
Wars fans who've taken too seriously
well I'm gonna say that T and G was
better than Farscape I mean I love
Farscape right I really love Farscape I
know that about you but just TNG overall
the more solid show well and here's the
thing I like I can't even be in on this
debate because I you know I'm not
finished Farscape right and so of course
I'm gonna say TNG is better I'd like I'd
like to I would like to back that up
with something yeah well uh but I can't
is what because I don't I don't have the
the Farscape knowledge that you have
okay so you know I'd like to get in on
this with you obviously well I think we
can prove this just by numbers alone TNG
lasted for so much longer than Farscape
well I think first Cape started Sloan I
didn't hate the early episodes you seem
to have despised them I I don't I don't
even know that you're going to like it
if you watch more and that's the thing
you know like I I don't know if it's in
me and so I but I'm saying like I think
there's a way to look at this
objectively cuz obviously like you and I
can talk about which show we like better
T and G or Farscape
but that's subjective objectively how
many seasons did Farscape last four and
TNG went seven yeah so but well yeah but
some of those seasons were a little
rocky a little rocky sure there are five
strong c500 a four and a half strong
seasons of TNG okay so they're they're
actually comparable
you chop off the parts of TNG that just
suck and so what you're saying is like
the rest of team G's popularity is just
on name recognition alone what no I'm
saying TNG's popularity is based on
those really solid fucking seasons man
the second half of season two through
season five maybe even six
I remember season seven being a little
bit rocky that's when you have Beverly
crushers grandmother fucked a ghost on
the on the on the Ireland planet
Beverly's Beverly crushers grandmother
fucked a ghost I don't I don't remember
this I can't be with you here it
happened on the Ireland planet I don't I
don't remember the Ireland planet I'll
be honest with you
the Ireland planet early crushes
grandmother fucked a guy don't remember
I don't know you can keep saying it and
I will keep not remembering when Beverly
crushers grandmother fucked a ghost Oh a
grandmother her mother fucked ergo super
fucked it goes thing his grandmother I
don't think your mother fucked a ghost
cousin but then Beverly started fucking
the ghost because if you're going to
fucked the ghost I don't remember how
far I got cuz it like if you're telling
me that Beverly Crusher is part ghost
because her mom fucked ago well wait
she'd still be one-quarter ghost right
if her grandmother sat whoa dude okay
rich I have a really important question
did the ghost pull out I don't know I
don't know what the logistics are of
getting impregnated with ghost semen
sure sure oh and you know what by the
way that's just me assuming genders
maybe it was a lesbian ghost
relationship I wasn't there bud
the ghost was fucking all the woman and
her family except for her mom okay
her mom bit of an egg oh yeah because
it's like oh not in not my thing
Chad I have never watched Seaquest or
earth to earth to yeah I don't remember
that one so well remembers thing on TV
were they looking for a new placement
earth so they're exploring this
candidate or something like that
I remember Seaquest that was rather
popular it was like Star Trek underwater
yeah yeah didn't even had a Wesley
Crusher and it talking dolphin what it
was a dolphin with like a thing got its
head that communicated oh maybe I don't
remember it as well as I as well as I
thought I did
Darwyn the dolphin okay I didn't
remember his name I'm not I'm not super
familiar with the show so you're not a
super fan yeah ah damn it
Darwin the dolphin I only watched the
first episode of TNG and I loved it
should I continue watching the first
season or should I skip the second one
is people told me to well if you love
the first episode then continue on yeah
I guess you know as long as you know
that it really starts picking up midway
through the second season go for yeah
watch the whole first season watch it
watch it chronologically huh that's
usually how I prefer to watch stuff
anyway just know that like if there's a
dull a pisode here there that it gets
better have I seen Superjail I all I
know about it said it's an Adult Swim
show or was I've I've never seen it I
saw one episode of Superjail yeah yeah
and it was to drugs for me man to drugs
yeah it was way drugs you know some
sometimes you got the the people who you
know are on the drugs that make the
shows but it's still like coherent and
Superjail was way too drugs
by the way speaking speaking of Adult
Swim yeah Adult Swim yeah I was on their
website you know a couple nights ago
which is how I discovered the Mike Tyson
show uh-huh
I saw this show on there called what was
it dub ball masters okay
people who you know you know I don't
like anime yeah the show I mean is
technically not an anime style but if
you don't know what I don't like about
anime it's that show ball master ball
master is it making fun of Anna I don't
I don't know it's just the writing feels
very anime style too babe okay and
that would that would be everything I
hate about anime what you wonder what I
hate about anime watch watch watch that
ball master show there you go there you
go and then from there I saw a link to
the Mike Tyson show and the night ended
up being a good night after all
sure sure sir ball masters 900 900 I'm
gonna take a little bathroom break and
by the time I'm done all right I'm
thinking it should be done downloading
all right this sure might have a
different name then I'm just remembering
it wrong I didn't commit it to memory as
I hated it I'm gonna make sure you don't
I'm gonna make sure I got right
now it ends in a Z so it's not ball
masters with an S
Google says it's it's an American show
yeah but okay the thing I hate about
anime isn't just the fact that it was
made in Japan okay it's a it's a style
and this ball masters with a Z ball
masters 9009 is in that style and I
despise it all right
Oh
we shall return we'll be back
oh yeah let's just set up a button for
this
all right there