Dead Tired (part 2)
January 3, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUPgmV9yP1k

I got so much money that suck though
that I mean that's that's that's big man
that's death where's this what's this
infinite mode okay what's that
infinite mode no timers no time limits
okay
stay alive your health slowly decreases
so you got to keep fighting for food and
I should be comically overpowered just
beating up old dudes okay well if he's
got food this isn't about you cuz this
is infinite mode Bryan Shaw says hey
just started a new run I'm blood-borne
using the steak driver have you tried
this thing because it's ridiculous three
to four hits with the charge r2 is
melting bosses on the fresh game you not
doing the cup puncher recommended which
one was the steak driver again remember
which one that was
so I'm sorry to say I don't remember
which weapon the stake driver was
wrist-mounted stake oh yeah you know
what I remember like really wanting that
but then it never really worked well for
me
mailbox could use more food
gorsh darn it God gawrsh darn it
gawrsh nice hunchback Jackson's Happy
New Year Jack and wrench
Jack just watched American vandal it was
really great not just true it is but not
just a parody but works on so many
levels of have you listened to the
serial podcast it was inspired by it I
recommend it
I have not listened to the serial bomber
I usually don't I I don't have a ton of
time for podcasts which is a shame
because I know there are so many good
ones but usually all of my listening
time is when I'm editing and I'm editing
people talking and so I can't then
listen to other people talk while I'm
editing people talking even though I
oh that's super gross I mean also that
also that
hi jr. boy FTW most anticipated game of
2018 I don't know what's coming out is
my most anticipated game of 28 bridge
let's say I also don't know what's
coming out is Spider Man coming out I
won't play spider-man scripted the
QuickTime event the game I want to play
spider scripted boss battle cutscene the
game
I want to play it I got all tasted up
for spider-man after playing ps2
spider-man that III demo they showed
made me the opposite of excited I want
to play I understand you doing that's
great ok good as long as it's great
so that might be it I'm sure that I'm
sure there's something else but I just
can't think of at the moment but it's
just you usually you know I'll check
what new games are coming out and one
always slips by they all slip by as a
bunch of cramping garbage I so thought I
had him cranny completely cracked you
get you got cocky kid you went in there
I'm sure I would demolish him yeah and
then that man you you had your guard
down yeah I wasn't paying enough
attention to my health apparently mmm
well wasn't got like three quick hits on
me just a weird situation where I was
pinned against the wall
oh sure rich do they ever in this game
tell you what the source of the zombies
are yes what is it bees wasps parasitic
wasp that were the results of the
American government testing as some kind
of weird by they're actually testing to
breed cattle faster and somehow somehow
then they ended up with parasitic zombie
wasps that they were playing around with
those and then they got loose and they
infected a village somewhere in South
America I think and years later people
in that village met the Americans
weaponized the zombie wasp and this is a
terrorist attack oh really yeah for
destroying their village sure sure
that's a smart village a bunch of be
scientists living in them in the village
I actually like that I like that story
that's fun that is a fun story
so weaponized rainforest wasp good
enough for me I'm so used to challenging
myself by starting one I'm just I'm just
fully leveled and I went from low level
to level now on it's kind of neat I
think this is the big selling point for
a lot of people in the game here this
game which this free remote that doesn't
run around be shit well the selling
point when this care came out was just
the number of shit on the screen the
number of zombies
it was crazy for the time have we heard
anything about death stranding the Hideo
the new Hideo Kojima do you know I
haven't I've just seen artsy things and
nothing that would make me care right
the the most exciting bit that I've
heard about that game was during the
noclip documentary about horizon zero
dawn because apparently Hideo Kojima's
new game is being run on the horizon
zero dawn engine
oh wait I'm being dumb there more than
one cooking book in this game and so
there's actually a small part of that
documentary where they were talking
about making their tools accessible to
other creators like Hideo Kojima because
they partner at Sony and Bob blossom
hideo kojima hideo kojima is going to be
using the horizon zero dawn engine to
run def stranding that doesn't mean his
game is going to be like horizon zero
dawn or anything I would necessarily
care about but I thought that was an
interesting tidbit Hideo Kojima Hideo
Kojima no any of these books cooking
camera hobby doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo did it do to do
Ayatollah of rock and roll says in a
just world in the first five minutes of
last Jedi the first five minutes of last
Jedi Rose would have piloted a rebel
cruiser into the dread-nots destroying
the first order fade to black
then a soft reboot of buckaroo banzai
players chat if you want to play about
Star Wars and military tactics why
didn't you ask yourself why they're not
constantly shooting nuclear missiles at
capital ships or making really small
little small cheap ships that can jump
to hyperspace and using them as kamikaze
bombers because that was effective as
fuck that took out like eight ships it's
it's it's it's fantasy world war two
combat in space that's just what it is
it's not it's mattered anyway realistic
I don't think yeah I don't think so they
were complaining about the combat
tactics I just think they were saying
they didn't want the movie down so that
was the joke they were joking about
making the movie not happened
people don't realize the Star Wars is
supposed to be a fantasy
yeah people be dumb gobbledygook says
Jack sounds like you enjoy Amazon
Netflix and such I think all of it sucks
I prefer shitty old movies or just a
feel flew a few Shalaby a-holes to recap
them for me maybe I need very strong
antidepressants I I dig movies man I
like movies I always have I like all
sorts of movies good movies bad moves
telling movie short movies might kill
himself
I don't know what I want to do that dude
you say some crackers yeah accidentally
and they're I think they're putting out
the good movies they're taking risks and
I like that about them they're taking
some creative risks and giving creators
some freedoms that Studios in the
traditional sense are not so I likes
make the droid kamikaze the dread-nots
eggs absolutely why not if if running if
running ships through other ships at
light speed is so destructive that this
should be a tactic so many things they
should do so dumb to complain about that
of course of course
it's dumb to complain about anything
it's a movie about people with magic
powers lifting rocks oh oh
Paul zombies can you start eating him
let's see here true blue refuses hey
back and itch again since everyone else
is doing it what would your game of the
year be for last year what was your
favorite game screamed even a game from
that year
what about films of the year
that's right breath of the wild
for me if I had to if I had to put it on
something it's probably Zelda breath of
the wild that made me feel happy in the
brain zones strategy I need I need to
give me some breaths for situations like
this Egyptian honeybees I need some guts
okay not Friday the 13th no I think a
Friday 13 she was good was good nothing
but a bad year it has not been a bad
year did fry 13th come out last year was
that the year before it's also really
hard to remember
no was October no was it wasn't it came
out earlier came out earlier right well
what I'm saying was was it 2017 or 2016
no was June it's Judy came out okay what
came out in October that it's just throw
me off there oh I have no idea what came
on I was thinking it should have come
out in October because it was it was
Friday the 13th right in October that
would've been just the perfect release
day yeah it's fine
Oh God now they're debating they're
debating the actual usefulness of
kamikaze Lightspeed jumps guys that's my
joke what I'm saying is that shouldn't
be something that's debated because it
was just a cool thing that happened in
the space fantasy movie it was just a
neat thing that happened and the things
in Star Wars movie don't necessarily
have to make real-world sense get it
together
Aaron 2 6 1 8 says what did you think of
hold those character in last Jedi will
hold oh great great
which ones hold oh I thought she was
useless and had no reason for her
motivation fake drama
I like the kylo Ren stuff film was messy
but not horrible which ones hold hold
hold or laura dern she was fine teach a
lesson man really distracting Harold
yeah really distracting dress really
distracting dress why was she wearing an
iPhone and even if she was wearing a
cocktail dress but you know she's she's
fine she's fine
it's all fine it's all fine
that's all fine I didn't mind her I like
I said I I thought she was there to be
the carry because I was not aware that
Carrie Fisher you know apparently news
broke before the movie came out that
Carrie Fisher was not dying but I didn't
hear that news and so I thought she was
going to be the Carrie Fisher
replacement like she was going to you
know take over for whatever Carrie
Fisher was supposed to do in the movie
but she served a different purpose she
was there to teach Oh she was there to
teach poet lesson Oh dumb Iran what Oh
sick Star Wars burn rubber so no is she
like her character served a very clear
purpose she was there to teach Poe a
lesson don't be heroic you know a Star
Wars wait what well that's what weight
gets a little muddled I'm not gonna deny
it gets a little muddled don't be heroic
Poe Dameron don't sacrifice yourself for
everyone else now excuse me while I go
sacrifice myself for everyone else and
be really throwing so then because she
sacrificed herself and was really heroic
Poland not to sacrifice himself against
the big cannon and not be heroes but
then Luke comes and is heroic and
sacrifices himself it gets a little
muddled
yeah only old people can sacrifice
themselves for Harrison that's very true
and cefalu no it's like I think I think
if you look at each individual
characters are it all makes sense but
then when they start coming together the
arcs muddled up a bit but I think
overall it's fine
sacrifice the characters who won't be
around for four more movies right no one
cares about hold war sniz lloyd disagree
I think it was really good I'm excited I
think to me to me the movie was a
wind-up all the characters are now
poised really for like a wind out know
all the characters are poised to strike
we're adding up a point in I know we
listen we could just worried it's gonna
be an endless circle rich forever and
ever
talking about Star Wars get used to it
no I know
the the the rebellion is at a place it's
never been at before for us all the
characters are ready million fits the
Millennium Falcon there's a rebellion to
speak of exactly we get to see the
beginnings of it just a handful of
dickheads that should be the start of
the fucking trilogy well they didn't
start it that way so now they got to get
it there that should have been the side
of Jill yeah but uh now they're there so
that's nice
and I like all the characters have
learned lessons they all got their
motivations sorted out so let's go so
the next movie is gonna be I'll go go go
and I like it
the beers Kirk I disagree that's all I
can say is you know just doing one might
not agree was fine I'm just gonna be
this good it's all gonna be fine
epic Jason I think you're severely under
estimating how dumb the original Star
Wars was epic Jason is saying that
Disney has effectively dumbed down Star
Wars listen it was it was a nice simple
little action space fantasy movie it was
never the most complex shit in the world
this life rich welcome to it
did it you got you you use your monkey
paw rich and you sit and you said I want
to steady I want a steady job I said I
wish for a steady job where I get to
talk about movies all the time I'm the
monkey pawan and now you got it but you
didn't he didn't foresee the
consequences good thing don't make any
more wishes rich that's the that's the
moral of the story of the monkey paw
that's the that's the monkey Paul Morel
who was the protagonists of the last
Jedi house and multicasts multicast
feature you got one of them you got one
of them what do you call that
when a movie has the Phantom Menace no
what do you got uh they call it when
there's not just one person there's a
name for it you know you got your a you
got your fin you got your PO those are
those are your leads ooh
that that's exactly the word I was
looking for Thank You Chet
it was Ensemble family yeah a family
ensemble was the word I was looking for
but you got your rain you fit in your
pose there's your manes days you main
dudes there zipper tags but there's
still one who is the lead and it doesn't
have to be you know the movies called
the last Jedi so there's probably a case
to make raid the lead lead and even
though you know she's not in the movie a
whole bunch she's probably the lead lead
just because of advertising and that's
what the name of the movie is called
but I would probably say that in Finn
and character we just met well I'd say
that like Finn's are you know like
Finn's discovering why he wants to fight
for the rebellion art felt so much
weaker than his art in the first movie
probably he didn't really have an arc in
the first movie he just wanted to save
way but it's so like that might be like
kind of the heart of the movie so
there's probably a case for like calling
him the lead I don't think there's a
case for Poe he's in it a lot it's a lot
of screen time you good you good
fuck it chewy is the star I like it
though chewy is the protagonist I love
it
now what like Rose wasn't a lead Road
Rose was the you know kind of loop which
is kind of a waste cuz they just kill
him off
Luke was lead-in me oh yeah I mean he's
in it a bunch but Luke more kind of just
helps facilitate Ray's story no no no
the story is Luke having lost face in
the Jedi a man raised the one trying to
turn him around
yeah I'm a be the case whore he's there
which is a waste because they just
they're going to kill him off dude I
don't get it
basically I don't get it don't care what
the movie what they were trying to do or
anything first of all this is great they
just probably all yeah you don't get
what they were trying to do
yep yep perfect
I think tones are they can just shit I'm
gonna watch fucking cones on all of
their heads
had enough cones no I think they were I
think they were attempting to have a
reset of things that like and you know I
will agree it's like a reset that should
have been there for the force awakens
but wasn't and so I think I think at the
end of the day they wanted to to reset
things and so we needed to get rid of
some some crazy fan theories and we
needed to bring the rebellion back down
to zero
well what was that a wasp queen that
killed all the zombies
starwars years zero yes yeah I think
that sounds like that let's start our
own rebellion blackjack and hookers you
know if if there's time please tell him
we're rebelling against the rebels
yeah game Revo we've we've actually
talked about this before game game Revo
says Rose was there to sell tickets in
China let's be real I'm sorry but it's
true
except for roses not Chinese she was
there because they wanted Finn to have a
love interest she's Chinese because they
wanted to sell tickets in China she's
not Chinese she's Asian
having no that's not how it works is
that guess what I'll just say like if if
they were looking to solely sell tickets
in China it would have been a Chinese
actress yes okay absolutely
she is not Chinese and so she's just
there to so Finn could have a love
interest and you know she's adorable or
whatever but all kinds of dumb Jack
that's the thing Chuck Fox says believe
it or not
Asians can tell each other apart it's
just just one of those things people you
got it you got it you got to get your
facts a little bit together before you
start throwing around stuff like that
I need the health board I'm gonna die
sure hold on a second game Revo I got I
got a check on some things you're saying
this in a sec I need my phone Internet
your phone Internet
boo boo boom that's what I want that's
what I want
I haven't played much infinite mode okay
this is new to me I know the health
books are very important but I don't
really have where they are memorized
okay so the the last Jedi what was who's
I yelling at game rivo game Revo said
that the last Jedi is doing very weak in
China and the reason that it's doing
very weak in China is because it doesn't
open in China until this weekend it's
hard to make money if the movie hasn't
opened so wait wait until the movie is
out in China first game Revo and then we
will see how it does in China who was i
yelling at I was yelling at game revote
it opens in China on Friday no I said TF
it now too many pronouns too many things
you guys guys we're kidding we're
getting so many things said to you I'm
sorry then I'm sorry if you said TFA did
poorly in China you're still wrong in
the fact that she's not Chinese if if
you're if your argument is TFA did poor
in China so they had so they hired an
Asian actress I'm gonna still call your
argument wrong
oh don't do that brain is got too many
too many acronyms all the Ackerman's all
the akram ins what I needed some
caffeine I wanted some caffeine I was
gonna stop for coffee but I was running
a little behind I told rich I'd be here
around seven ish and he's running a
little behind so I was gonna stop for a
coffee I said now I bet there's an
energy drink and there wasn't so we're
getting a little sleepy little sleep
let's see here our valiant blood chat
says what was your favorite film of last
year mine was the killing of a sacred
deer directed by the same guy that made
the lobster it's dark and twisted and
creepy and disturbing and I loved it
it's one of those things where I have to
be reminded of what came out last year
and that's a hard thing to remember
memories hard it's very hard to remember
stuff I was okay with baby driver I
really liked to get out I really like
did the footage come out last year now
that was the year before
Oh 20 49 thank you I live really like
Blade Runner 20 49 that was very good
that was very very good
I have not seen the shape of water or
mother yet but I plan on watching both
so there's oh the big sick Thank You
Darkwing schmuck yes I really liked the
big sick oh nice I've not seen Dunkirk
and I you know what I don't care to see
Dunkirk I don't I'm sure it's very
important for the British people Dunkirk
right I don't care there's like a less
good Saving Private Ryan
you know opening round Oh split came out
last yeah likes what yeah they had a
pretty pretty lame and button overall I
liked split oh yeah and spider-man and
the Thor is there's a lot of good movies
that came out last year what was Wonder
Woman came out last year guardians to I
know you didn't like it but how does
fond of it I was fond of it there's five
movies that came out last year
everything's good
split was due to fight me no I I can
agree it had some it had some problems
specifically that end of split ho dang
ho dang that they vary the the
resolution if you are let's play is just
unsatisfying as heck that but overall I
thought it was pretty good
what is split the split is uh is a movie
directed by M night Shyamalan starring
that lady who starred in the verbage
whose name is foreign sounding so it's
hard for me to pronounce sheilamalone
and James McAvoy oh then maybe I'm
nothing on your Taylor joy is that her
name well then that's not foreign
sounding at all on your Taylor joy who's
gonna be in the New Mutants there's a
few from China you bringing it all
around rich you did it we all have our
off days
um yeah uh onions great she's in the two
movies I've seen her in she's great and
I'd look forward to her acting career
if split onion deserves an Academy Award
for her reaction shots alone and split
you just watched that lady and feel
nothing but the terror that she is going
through and split she is horrified by
the things around her and you feel it
she's great she's great I hope she makes
a million movies oh okay let's see here
anonymous says is dead rising the
closest we can get to a surviving edged
weapons video game may be great and
mochi b85 says hey wreckers I've
recently seen some clowns at parties
don't dress like clowns they dress more
like magicians or the Wiggles is there
too much of a stigma with the
traditional clown look
clowns are rebranding rich yeah they
know people think they're creepy they
have to change yeah yeah go they're
going they're going full French there
are like minds there's positive changes
right huh farted says good evening I've
missed you guys I have a Nam
recommendation for you do not watch
Pottersville on netflix it stars Michael
Shannon and Ron Perlman
it's about Christmas and a sasquatch
stay away I've seen I've seen the
trailer for that it's theirs it's about
it's about a what's his name Michael
Shannon is like hunting a sasquatch and
there's furries involved and it's a
Christmas movie this is a real thing and
he wonders what furries are it's crazy
it's a real movie which is eating meat
and pig I have no right I just have no
reaction to this I don't know what I'm
supposed to say oh my god you were
supposed to say oh my god no all right
that's fair that sounds interesting
gobbledygook says looking for games
coming out 2018 have either of you heard
of the action roguelike twin-stick
shooter that's kind of like the
Helldivers called DC Universe Online for
the ps4 it's pretty fun I'll be honest
rich I didn't save anything it's been
long it's been so long I did not see did
you see Universe Online thing coming way
to go gobble the goods you got it
this is probably another doom coming at
some time right bad that's something I
could look forward to in life uh no I
think they're just making the doom VIII
on the property I further I've heard
they were working on the new DOMA
yeah like a DLC or like a doomed no like
a doom - Oh that'd be me it probably
wouldn't be done anytime soon but no hey
hey Chagin rich says Nico Cola do your
Jack do your kids love any shows that
you absolutely cannot stand yes yeah
they're mostly alright in this shit they
watch I'm sure there's no shit today
really hate they've insisted on watching
the lego ninjago movie like 20 times
kids we're alright it's what kids do
it's like dumb things that's true
so I've I don't much care for the lego
ninjago movie and they they just want to
watch it all the goddamn time that's the
that's their newest thing like Lego
Batman I can tolerate it was alright the
lego movie is obviously legit good but
but lego ninjago I don't much care for
but as far as like shows go now they
watch they watch okay stuff they've been
really into lately we're on a big Teen
Titans go kick right now which I'm okay
with because I think something that's
pretty funny and they just started
watching what's the what's the camp the
show
it's like like two kids are at a camp
and they there's an Illuminati sign it's
on Cartoon Network
or maybe the Disney Channel maybe it's
on the Disney Channel nobody falls
gravity falls thank you rich
they just started watching gravity falls
and I think that might be alright so
we'll see if that sticks so maybe we'll
see I'm trying to work I'm trying to
work on their shit tastes high at all of
RocknRolla says prediction for 2019 the
Netflix makes a gritty reboot of Wheat
Remo Williams I could deal with that
with choi min the sikh playing master
join and Fred Ward does the Wilford
Brimley role or we're all dead
either way
oh wow those benches are bolted down
I like it I like it this is a good plan
you don't seem to be doing much damage
to them now oh that did some damage when
you hit him at a higher speed not a bad
idea though not a bad idea very little
damage they went through a Power Rangers
phase did dis t87 we went through a big
Power Rangers phase a couple years ago
they have not seen the new movie they've
seen of course the Power Rangers Power
Rangers the movie with Ivan ooze but we
all we went through a huge Power Rangers
kick that's all they would watch all the
time is old Power Rangers episodes and
then loved it and of course there's 15
seasons of Power Rangers so we never ran
out 27 seasons of Power Rangers then for
a while there on a Simpsons kick now
they're on a now they're on a Teen
Titans go Kurt and a Cartoon Network
kick so yeah the glide they died
Wladimir pudding says
is asking for this we got a Georgia girl
so whenever you're ready to pause
Vladimir pudding would like you to say
something hmm
toys you always say the whole finger
just that one thing I think just that
one thing is when I said oh sorry
toys Oh Brad that quote yeah yeah I did
from the thing that was a fun that was a
fun little bit we had yeah yeah about
toys and George Lucas I've watched that
clip way too many times
love your guys's conversation every
stream prereq and red letter media
content brings me so much laughter and
joy well thank you volodymyr pain I'll
take it
I'm a huge fan of cheese a huge fan of
cheese antique whiskey says I got banned
for saying tongues festival months ago
can I be unbanned now yes now you got
banned just for saying that what else
did you do you monster
you know and I am highly skeptical of
your claim sir usually like if someone
is banned for like spoilers talk they
usually only get banned for a day if you
got permabanned my guess is you did
something worse than that antique
whiskey so you know I didn't ban you so
I cannot unban you boomed theoretically
you could you just don't want to and
that's fine sure yeah that's the rule
I'm laying down for myself I didn't ban
you so I'm not unbanned yet well I get
messages like that every once in a while
just like why was that banned probably
because you were a dick alright because
you were being a dickhead like that's a
big I don't know by me
yeah LOI beats we were talking about
that there's a Netflix documentary all
about toys and the first episode is
about Star Wars toys I'm looking forward
to watching that I think that could be
interesting
typical optic says Jack arute you guys
have to watch the movie Pottersville on
Netflix it's heartwarming hilarious and
inspiring it's about a sasquatch and
furries starring real actors I'm
interested I'm into it
Karen wants to watch a show called it on
Netflix called a typical a typical have
a dramedy but family raising an autistic
boy alright it's alright it's oh you've
seen it lady wants to watch it you know
watch it it's fine yeah you know
sometimes you just want to spend some
time with your significant other so you
put up with some cellphone what you
should share whatever you the chainsaw
doesn't spawn an infinite road
interesting I'm with you I'm with you
got it you gotta make this a crisis
sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes
you sitting there picking another can
make the better choice before before we
left on vacation we had a little a
little climb one night and it's like
okay we can watch a movie what do you
want to watch and me being me I said
well here there's this movie that's that
I hear is kind of bad and it's about
cops
teaming up with orcs but orcs of are
like people are racist against orcs
let's watch that because I hear it's
kind of bad and they say guys know oh we
can do something better with our limited
free time and we ended up watching the
lobster which was very good
and I got to save the cop orc movie for
other times watching it with people who
appreciate bad movies so I've heard
somebody mix things about bright you
know it's it's not the worst movie
you'll ever see it's just kind of bland
and bad why aren't you doing that all
the time why is that you're not your
only move you need to play the whole
game where that's the only move you have
and and there's your No death run where
you only spin beating Dead Rising by
only spinning only spin I was just lying
down long enough to do some of the other
moves Batman is the cool guy
she has been on prereq we did a board
game prereq night and my wife was there
to play board games with us she's a real
person and I have many witnesses that
can attest to this
I hear the antique whiskey I hear you
nice spin wrench yeah you did it
your speech spinning all over the place
colossal nimble this is the pc version
of left for dead so that's why
everything looks a little nicer i'm not
used to some of the moves you can do
with the keyboard mouse that's aqua sure
sure
sure yeah everything is a muscle memory
on the controller
then only spin oh no no no hey stop it
jack what do I think of agents of shield
in space I saw the first episode of that
and was mildly amused the shield's going
in space now they've reached that
desperate but that desperate place for
you you go to space because you don't
know what else to do yep Oh who wanted
to shut down agents of shield I think I
think it was ABC ABC was ready to cancel
agents of shield but the higher-ups at
Disney's wouldn't let them really there
you go
I think ABC was ready to let agents of
shield go it doesn't perform well no one
really likes it anymore the show is
getting dull and Disney said no no damn
you you keep my agents of shield
Disney does on ABC yes and so like but
the people in charge of programming at
ABC wanted to let it go and Disney said
no you can't you cannot let it go
we oh we oh Greg Clark so much that he
just gets to work forever now Greg Clark
was the heart of our damn movie that
ended up making us billions and billions
of dollars so he just gets to work
forever now as Agent Coulson
one of the movies they really wanted to
the people who don't follow agents of
shield might be horribly confused yes
yes many many people would be so yeah
they're in space now and the first
episode like I said it was interesting
an interesting thing happened that kind
of they went to space not just space
rich mega space they went to time space
time space boiler alert for the first
episode of a huge field
that nobody's watching is yeah they're
like although all of them getting you
know trapped in space and they're trying
to figure out how to get back to earth
it's a big mission to get back to earth
only at the end of the first episode
rich they discover that they're actually
in so far in the future that the earth
has blowed up and they're on a giant
space station orbiting what was remained
of Earth and so then it's like wait how
did we get through time and in space so
it could be interesting
Tiberius Kirk says Clark Gregg not Greg
Clark well dammit that's what you get
when you have two first names for first
into last name get it together
rich what nope nope you didn't do it
rich I'm PC that is definitely not in my
muscle memory
fire axe
agents of shield is like watching the
corpse of a crazy person pull itself
across the ground with one animated arm
you know it's had its good seasons and
bad it started pretty bad had a few good
seasons in there there was a time when
it was getting you know actually like
into the whole like spy and espionage
stuff there was really good
yeah you should have nya rockin it get
it in humans is like the garbageman from
junk air taking a boring vacation in
California oh my god in humans is a
legitimately awful show what what is
deal than humans what happens in the
show it's about the Inhumans who live on
the moon why is the show tear I've never
I have not watched an episode pure
budgetary reasons they they they so it's
about the Inhumans who live on the moon
there is a there is a coup where you
know the they they try to usurp black
bolts as king of the Inhumans but black
bolt Medusa and some other people whose
name I can't remember that all members
of the royal family escaped to Hawaii
right because that's where the tax break
was and and so like half of its on like
these cheesy-looking sets on the moon
the half of it is on Hawaii that nobody
uses their powers effectively or coup in
any cool fashion all of the powers look
cheap the show is nonsensical
and and it was it was all the acting was
bad it was just bad bad bad everything
bad about it everything been oh how
could I forget
the famous you know everyone knows Black
Bolt Medusa but what about crystal or
Gorgon or Karnak those are the famous
characters
Aaron he was characters this is the team
this is the characters this is the gorg
unlicensed Gorgon and Karnak how can you
forget Gorgon and karnak there's nothing
there's many things wrong with Gorgon
and karnak
their names are silly or lumpy or chewy
right and darth vader isn't a silly name
Darth Vader yeah Darth Vader is not a
silly name Curtis is not a silly name at
all I can deal with Darth Vader Gorgon
is a little tougher to smell Darth Vader
you know it sounds like dark and mater
it's like shades man's great Boba Fett
Boba Fett did they ever use his name in
the movie Jedi to do do they constantly
goes Boba Fett and then he flies into a
wall and then dies and ceremoniously
Boba Fett's your bow that he says
bonafide and then does the Three Stooges
bit yep no okay
that's Boba Fett's kind of silly yes
Boba Fett is a silly name I'm not gonna
deny that you Darth Vader I don't think
is I think Luke Skywalker is a sillier
name than Darth Vader
Lucas Skywalker is a silly name that a
child would make up
no good wailing woman so it sucks the
combos are awkward
sure right mouse Starkiller is even
worse
Rinas god that Luke Starkiller is even
worse than Luke Skywalker
Skywalkers a great name I mean it's a
great name for its purpose but it's also
a very silly name
doing a rich doing it
hans gruber is a badass name i agree
hans gruber da vada good names good
names hey Harry Potter works again
because it it's meant for kids just like
Luke Skywalker works because it's
supposed to be like old school light
fantasy so Luke Skywalker works it's
very silly Harry Potter here but now
Harry Potter's is nice that's a good
name that's a good kind of every kid
named Harry Potter Harry and you say
you're British
everyone's British when you say everyone
I like people just typing all these Star
Wars names and I legitimately don't know
if they're real or not they're probably
all real they that would sets that would
be scary true-blue review says have you
watched tickled it's that real
documentary gone wrong that only comes
by once in a while also I recommend
black black mare season four premiere
USS Callister for the Star Trek
comparisons alone I think you told me
about that there's like a documentary
about tickling what is that did you know
that sounds like a J lately unfamiliar
with this documentary about tickling
what's tickled
chat sex perverts is it about sex
perverts I'll bet you it's about sex
pervert is it about sex perverts
oh that's what it was it's a documentary
about competitive tickling I don't even
know how what competitive tickling would
be now I need to see it
a competitive tickling I'm gonna have to
I'm gonna go home tonight hey hun let's
watch the documentary by competitive
tickling and then she's gonna take the
divorce papers out of the drawer that
she keeps the men ever and brings him
out of long she's waiting she's just
she's like I've been waiting for this
day so now I can write wanted me to
watch a movie about competitive tickling
in the reasons box and no one will
question my decision let's see here
anonymous says I watch bright with my
mother she really enjoyed it I thought
it was math the more interesting aspect
was the dynamic of the human and orc cop
partners should have focused on that
more yes agreed
another another problem with bright too
many things is trying to say and do all
at once there were some legitimately
good parts of bright the cop stuff was
really good like you know they had to
like breach a building that was neat
didn't cop things and it was tense
so many there are so many things wrong
with bright I won't get into it like I
said I won't get it ah they'll fell down
and there's a lot of great things you
can do it looks good I won't get super
into bright just because it's so spoiler
ace but they just did a lot of things
wrong admiral bone to pick what someone
just wrote admiral bone to some mother
playing varnish out well there you go
Michael's making fun of General Grievous
that is a very silly name yeah
yes I agree that took it too far
see Darth Vader the words sound like bad
words but they're far enough removed
right I think they are but yeah once
once you put an actual bad word in there
you know
then you've gone too far
do you get a reward if Jackie rich read
you a blanket reference in chat probably
not just because I never remember the
references you people in chat have all
these things memorized and I have no
idea what you're talking about
so I wouldn't use the mini chainsaws and
that's that's kind of over that run end
and I died ignited yep
rich is now in a free mode yeah I'm
playing infinite mode just fucking her
I'm just fucking around and playing
infinite mode no there's anything you
want to do we can change the games no I
think I might be ready to call it in a
bit I'll tell you what long because my
long flight we got a good couple hours
in maybe I can get a morning jack scream
oh God one of these days to help make up
for lost time but uh
almost ready I have to need the food
Paul here
what the hell is that
just watch my world that's great like
guns are no viable just need to figure
out that Tambo situation and you're good
to go I think I can make some macros
sure
yay see you want to call it I do all
right I do I think we made it a decent
amount of time I feel good about this
dream I'd love to talk about had a lot
of catching up to do
worrier my going I'm going to bed
motherfucker but before I go to bed I
need eggs so I got to go to the grocery
store and then I'm going to bed
it's gonna be great welcome back to the
Arctic oh my god it was cold as fuck I
am NOT mentally prepared for it to be
cold as fuck yet I love this guy so
fucking much I think that's great
thank you so I think it's important you
got to find something you enjoy whatever
it is find something in giant do it
late night egg run whoop whoop I wanted
you to the faceplant thing with them hey
oh sorry
please consider purchasing thermals I
have I have thermo bottoms and tops long
Underpants if you will our stores in the
US open 24/7 yes some grocery stores are
open 24/7 though here in Italy the
bigger Walmart's yep that one nice
yeah Walmart's major grocery stores are
we do here in the States
stop selling booze at grocery stores at
nine grocery stores and liquor stores
have to stop selling booze at nine here
in Wisconsin which is a rule I've never
fully understood but everyone has
different rules like across the border
in Minnesota they they're not allowed to
sell booze on Sundays which is very
strange
- am here oh yeah well you could still
like Bart I'm here is 2 a.m. bars have
to close at 2:00 a.m. here in Wisconsin
so you can still go to a bar and get
drinks but you can know you can't buy
from a liquor store
Oh Minnesota can buy booze on Sundays
now congratulations congratulations
Minnesota you did it you got over it
pardon me watch you we probably need to
get out the Twatter means I gotta stop
killing you know you do you rich do it
q do you I'm closing this down it's
upside down it said there was an update
maybe we need just need to update it
maybe that's the problem
can't stop killing I can't I can't
is there anyone alive for me to kill him
No
No
well homicidal run someday what's that
won't that be terribly easy yep yep I
mean yeah but I'm still gonna do it you
know there's one survivor and this is
suicidal they asked for a gun and if you
give it to them they'll do it right in
front of you
really yeah he's he's been bitten yeah
and his girlfriend doesn't to leave him
and he knows he's doomed yeah so he
asked you for your gun can I have a gun
huh then you you if you haven't had a
bloody gun any inventory having the hand
of the gun right away right away doesn't
even wait and do you need to do that to
get the girl to come with no she freaks
out that she won't join you at all you
listen bolt oh man that's great that's
great you can go back to killing later I
know I'm just I'm pissed I died - Adam
you were having a pretty nice run there
rich the one the one boss in this game I
thought I really just completely figured
out well that's why you died I I am
beating him a number of times at this
point without taking any damage at all
yeah yeah yeah there now well shit
happens
she does shit happens y'all great all
right well we had to read the names
right I'm just saying people say good
night okay I'm saying good night back
can I had anybody leaving right now
good night we're gonna Adams damn tough
especially so early
I had them figured out I've been kicking
Adams ass every time I played this game
for a while now and he just owned me
yeah no it's still surprise you
that's nice uh Stu pocalypse for 15
months in a row says Happy New Year's
let's make it a great year love everyone
be kind every New Year's dr. smoke trees
who has subscribed to us for 15 months
in a row says only two more weekends in
jail then I'll be back on Sundays
motherfuckers way to go dr. smoke trees
you're doing it also as someone who is
being incarcerated for what I can only
assume is a smoking pot related
infraction doctor smoke yes
yeah that's presumption that's that's
fair presumption I think how like I just
wonder how it feels to see like the
celebration over the legalization by
people like did you see on CNN the other
day like reporters were like filming
themselves getting high at legal
dispensaries and they're like oh my god
you know it's great and then you got
like you got doctor smoke trees here
just like it's not the equivalent of
drinking on the job but if it's for news
if it's for news but then the attacks of
smoke trees just sitting there like in
jail on the weekends twiddling his
thumbs gone going I didn't know I had to
be a reporter first right yeah yeah
stay strong doctor smoke trees you can
do it acha Terrace dorsen says OMG
extended New Year's vacation is the best
and getting to watch you guys live is
just the icing on the cake thank you
thank you bucking barrel
brim axion nice frozen zigu rot says
what's up you fucks
not much topping you motherfucker Waggin
Waggin
captain s WC for 13 months and
Oh Mike one-two-three-four says 2017
marks the 40th anniversary of Close
Encounters the 20th anniversary of
contact and the first anniversary of
arrival which is the better hard sci-fi
classic thanks
I still need to see arrival but I'll
take close encounters over contact but a
long time since I've watched contact
there
so just movies yeah no no labels on
movies
I'll take close encounter over contacts
okay you want to start talking that's a
work of hard sci-fi you'll take a rival
here's that I'll take a rival over all
of them yes and I will take contact over
close encounters okay because if you
rewatch close encounters there is a
shockingly little sci-fi like it's just
a story about a dude going crazy and
then way at the end there's mainly yes
so book I mean Close Encounters is
obviously a brilliant movie and yes it
is a sci-fi movie but there's not a lot
of hard sci-fi in it so a rival contact
close encounter on a sci-fi scale is
what I'll say
can't believe rich wouldn't hate the
alien is her dad ending I I don't
remember that doing much for me but I
didn't I didn't despise that oh listen
the ending of contact completely whiffs
on a sci-fi no we've talked about this
yeah it's a it's a hard sci-fi movie
were the moral of the story sometimes
faith is okay right right with weird for
Carl Sagan I wonder if they changed his
book is the base of his book oh I didn't
know contact yeah okay oh I didn't know
that I'm mate huh but he was he's also
kind of a he's a hippie Carl Sagan he's
a scientist but a hippie so you know
he's like oh the oneness the oneness and
nature
science brings us closer to humanity
you hate heartwarming right rich no not
necessarily there's a time and a place
like a heartwarming ending that's that's
not how he would end Dawn of the Dead
when I give Dawn of the Dead a
heartwarming ending sure but mr.
holland's opus yeah I I would I would
not give a I'm trying to think of what
was them any of the fucking golden
retriever movies well Bay oh no not the
golden retriever Beethoven I would I
give Beethoven a fucking dour bleak
ending like the family dies Beethoven
can have the heartfelt ending Beethoven
gets carted away by like pet services
big Leisha he you know he snapped at
Charles Grodin ripped his throat out
accidentally and Charles Grodin guys the
family hasn't heard a dad and then they
put the dog down that's not the ending I
would get Beethoven no wait now we need
that movie just pure Beethoven until
right at the end once the dogs tasted
blood and you never go back
alright we're here we were at the off
switch who has subscribed to us for two
years now twenty four fucking months in
a row says 24 months subscribed I must
be able to afford to live in the elf
districts did you catch that biting
social commentary
and bright did you oh there's a bright
thing okay the elves are the well-off
ones farce forms and they have the the
best police force their own personal
police force that they can afford this
is social Commons there's social there's
some social commentary happening
dream sign for 22 fucking months and
roses good to have you back jack happy
to be back where are you the dreams that
Lala p-dog one dead guns 12 strange
letter gentlemen bears all says and
isn't sanity really just a one-trick
pony anyway I mean all you get is one
trick rational thinking but when you're
good and crazy
oh the sky's the limit it sounds like
something that Joker would say does that
is that a direct Joker it's if somewhere
it has quotes around it so I see yeah
anonymous says oh I get it
that from was that actually from The
Killing Joke fellow fellow - sure -
Marie Mac I think that's a penny for 15
months in a row Lucas Ducas for 27
fucking months in her own kate is Odeon
k2 zu D and K 2 zu daeun Capitals
differentiate words and just one word
could suit Ian that's possible - it's
all fine so I'll find mazed and Confused
the real vay on for twenty six fucking
months Andros is rich I love your Dead
Rising no death run I still rewatch it
to this day
do you think that Brad would have made
it if he had only watched surviving
edged weapons that's how that's how Brad
goes out oh he shoots he shoots Carlito
they have they have just there's a
horrific gun duel yeah and he just walks
up to him putting the gun at him you're
done for now yeah your reign is over yet
there and then Carlito pulls all the
knife because he walks
the 10 to 15-foot range he doesn't stay
well back and away from Carlito and the
Carlito he stabs him stabs up
motherfucker
oh it's all over watch some fighting
that's a do you know what that's a DLC
add on surviving edge weapons you can
get them you can make it to Brad's not
killed the last humus Vladimir Lestrade
them
rebel base for 14 months in a row says
take my free money until Mount st.
Helens erupts and I need to run for my
life
ok ok I mean good good luck if that
happens also walrus to the brush Chet
how do you know what any fucking DC
comic is Canada not canon they've
rebooted so many fucking times current
Canon or Canon from five years ago or
Canon from 10 years ago
Chad people watching this and not seeing
the Chad they're arguing about whether
or not the Killing Joke is canon and
that was like three or four reboots ago
right probably five reboots DC reboots
ago The Killing Joke like 85 oh Jesus
yeah but by this point how many time
have they've rebooted their unity 7
they've rebooted the universe at least
three times crisis on Infinite Earths
yeah zero hour was kind of a mini reboot
this is like a soft reboot flash point
flash point the new 52 so we got four
weeks for five reboots later I don't
understand how you could be a DC fan of
comics and not just be horribly
frustrated that literally reality keeps
shifting around you know that would
drive me insane it's it's okay it's
happening to Marvel now oh yeah yeah any
comics fans is gonna is gonna feel I got
out when the kitten was good check
walrus to the brush
buttercup Twinkletoes captain scott
bakula says love this game i bought back
in 2000 with my first paycheck in high
school the standard def TV of mine
didn't like it so much very true the
text is very small for standard def I
was right most people the King time came
out most people still had standard oh
sure sure thanks for all the fun guys
best wishes for the new year
thank you best wishes for you captain
the end hero I'll pack a death trap
dick gently air for 15 months in a row
says it would seem like 15 months in a
row makes me a loser but then I remember
how hot my wife is you gotta go score
some brownie points keep it up guys
frozen Oh Bob for 15 months in a row Joe
kitty oh one says hey Jack I was in the
Bahamas last week as well never seen so
many hermit crabs conch is great but I
hate haggling with the pushy vendors
snorkelling was fun but with the highs
in the low 70s a fur yeah they do they
do come you know conch is a big big
thing there you can't eat it yeah it's a
shellfish but they put it in everything
and it's great they have conch fritters
conch salad conch everything it's great
and yeah if you want to buy anything
from any store haggling is acceptable
and it like fucking you go to a
Starbucks in the Bahamas and you can
haggle the price down it's great I'm so
cold here for so long
Richie was beautiful I can imagine it
was beautiful
that's so miserable here now I hate it
already it must have been awful getting
off that plane and we were on a plane
that we were on a little place so we
actually had to like get
to the tarmac yeah that exact it's
either because we left them in the car
oh you left them in the car is a short
walk oh oh yeah so then it was my job as
dad to go start the car
of course warm it up for everyone you
can wait the plane well no they they
waited at the luggage but it all turned
out our game I only lost one thumb one
go for 15 months in a row says Jack yeah
how do you deal with picking footage to
keep for live edits I keep having to
watch it over and over how do you choose
footage to throw out or for live events
I keep I keep everything man I don't
know what you're talking about
I keep everything if if I like I still
have for example like for live events
who was that no screw up a little bit
like callsign combs like oh and if
you're still a chat what I think I mean
which footage to use and not use in the
edits no it says for live events I keep
having to watch it over and over a
pre-recorded video of a live event so do
you see you you you you cut things out
you cut chunks out like I don't know
maybe I don't understand the question
so like when you have like if for
example if you record one hour worth of
footage are you asking like how you like
how I find the good stuff I use markers
I use markers in that one hour of
footage to when I'm watching it one so
you just put a little marker in there
and then you go back to the good stuff
later like if your record a wedding
ceremony yeah do you do you cut out any
chunks of the ceremony any pauses or any
whatever it takes it forever to walk up
do you do you edit oh absolutely
walk up absolutely yeah no if you're if
you are if you have a big event
you want to edit it down to just the
exciting moments J and why do you how do
you know what to keep and what not to
write okay
that's the question man it depends on
your your method of delivery everything
a wedding highlight video there we go
see that's the information I need zoink
oh you're editing of under five your
target is under five minutes for the
entirety of the ceremony of everything
of everything everything Wow people you
have to imagine that no one is ever
going to watch this and so yeah you put
it to music
you you you put in some still shots of
the bride getting ready beforehand you
put in some still shots of the groomsmen
like out to brunch or doing whatever you
throw in so maybe some old photos of the
bride and groom as kids BAM
cut to them coming walking down the
aisle you just get the good stuff the
important stuff the funny stuff maybe
throw in the audio when when they
actually do their vows and then party
and then it's good fun times five
minutes okay that seems short it seems
short until you're watching a boring ass
wedding video well here's the thing that
you got to please the bride yeah and
what if the bride watch this and like
where's all the stuff do you even though
anybody watching it might be miserable
yeah just because that's what the so
well they wouldn't they just want that
just to want it we'll see then then you
that's when you have your two offerings
like okay as a wedding videographer I
and I've never been yeah I know you're
not the right person to ask for this
what I would then offer is like okay
here is the five-minute chunk and here's
all the raw footage do whatever the fuck
you want with it lady your whole
ceremony your whole damn reception
everything all right that's what I would
do all right but but like it's the same
as if you were height like doing
highlights at a sports event right like
you're you can either watch
baseball game or watch the highlights
well I enjoy baseball exactly but some
people just want to know what the
highlights and the score was right and
that's the majority of your audience
just you do the fun bits you do the
highlights you put it to Canon and C or
whatever that dumbass wedding song is
all right sorry good doing the last two
Jack
Vladimir pudding flavor bird double O
seven six
lugubrious airs says hi semester o mo
semester mo says makes the entertainment
Phyllis what's your favorite type of
cookie I'm a simple man
chocolate chip maybe double chocolate I
like them on the softer side yeah I
don't like crumbly cookies I'm with you
on the softer side yeah those those I
get them the everyone makes them for
Christmas they're like peanut butter
sugar cookies that are soft that you put
a whole Hershey kiss on top yeah sugar
cookies are fine those are my absolute
favorites like peanut butter sugar
cookies with the chocolate with the
Hershey kiss on top you know what I hate
Oreos really to hate Oreos fucking love
Oreos I hate the fillings existed
sickening mold swing not a good sweet
like a sickening so you know I double
stuffed Oreos are probably my favorite
and the cookie part they're not soft
cookies I don't like anything about the
Oreo I'm sorry
you know actually something interesting
that I want to bring up now so people
can remind me to talk about it next
dream yeah speaking of highlights for
wedding videos yeah are you ready for
computers to take over more jobs sure
down down in the Bahamas my cousin got a
drone yeah it's you know it's one of
those fancy like almost flies itself
drones and it's got a super nice camera
on it yeah and he was showing it look
how easy it is to fly look we can
actually like draw out a map and forgot
to fly the map right but the ants are
like any shoots and
4k video right yeah and he's getting
these awesome overhead shots and like
swooping around trees and shit doing all
this awesome stuff and he goes he goes
to me after he's done flying and she's
showing it off to me because that's not
even the coolest part you ready for the
coolest part and I'm like yeah okay it's
all on his phone like his phone and a
little controller and he goes to his
phone and the app that comes with this
drone has already cut and put to music a
45 second highlight rig and I'm not
kidding rich what it uses is it uses
plane tracking technology plus like
accelerometer footage from inside the
drone to know when the drone does
something cool right and it puts it to a
techno song and cuts it to the beat and
it wasn't half bad
we are so fucking screwed you have no
idea like there's a couple tweaks I
would have made but it was like sweeping
Schad big wide Vista coming down now
buta cool it was a highlight video
instantly made as soon as the drone
landed huh interesting
it was interesting like the drone was
cool yeah fuck it as a drone it's cool
yeah but the technology to auto cut a
highlight reel I figure they're gonna
put like delivery out of business like
UPS just individual package on our drone
just fly right to the fuckin house
they're doing it their dad or Nia I'm
not John yeah it's amazing it's all it's
all amazing well I guess you still need
someone to pile up the fucking drone no
you don't yeah you put poop you press it
you auto man it's all automated even
even our jobs as editors are automated
right now you still need someone to
pilot the drone but no not for too long
like sand but that's that's like wedding
videography in a year yeah is they do
the drone stuff like the bride has
something to look at after she says I do
like that's how fast it can come out now
I love it the future is scary
sorry more of that story later where are
we favorite type of cookie that's where
we're Christo Barrow nation full of
homeless starving people we're gonna
have figured out we gotta figure it's
it's gonna be a thing we got to figure
out rich universal basic income Christo
Beto Berto for eight months in a row
which we don't really don't say until
it's over a year says rich does the
smaller enclosed map of the first at
rising game benefit the series does part
of the sequel's quality the client have
to do with the bigger maps curious about
your thoughts happy new years I don't I
don't have that much to say about three
cuz I don't think I barely I barely
played any of three no I haven't but I
barely played any of it to this is
slightly I don't think it's that much
bigger of them happen to and that's fine
but it's at the same time it's not that
much better so ok I don't know I can't
give you a great answer that I'm sorry
yeah that's fair B Daggett gobbledygook
441 fucking months in a row says a
motherfucking 41 motherfucking months in
a row edit together said it's 41 months
do I still get poppers no I want poppers
no send those little champagnes and amyl
nitrite to Trump Taj Mahal casino hotel
sling go mystery bonus slot machine near
the men's bathroom Atlantic City New
Jersey I get that oh wait 401 you know
you do guy remember that right that was
just for you I understand sure I'm sure
gotta go put that in there just for you
because that was from a blinker yes it
was I remember that one
great Shogun 94 true blue review for 14
months in a row says it's been a fun
time watching all these fun streams
here's hoping 2018 is just as exciting
and for better and worse I know will be
if I get to watch hack frauds like you
yeah mr. glitch who's as hurray I
remembered to click the spend Amazon's
money button for the seventh month
straight thank you we appreciate that
mr. bliss on your memory crispy-fried
man for twenty two fucking months in a
row mega pop says rest in peace poly a
barber
okay whoever that is
baby Slayer 1 5 6 439 motherfucking
months in a row says it's my fiance's
30th birthday tomorrow
can you say happy 30th birthday lives
from rich and Jack having 30th birthday
Liz happy 30th birthday Liz from rich
and Jack did it aged you're running at
life you wouldn't aging just means
you're winning you're winning disco
disco disco coot disco couch nothing you
and there right
discount pun but that's what I was
assuming it was that's why I had trouble
reading it but it's disco Coon just go
ant diss coconuts no that's not there's
no there's no you disco aunty disco want
disco coat
