Let's Try This Again. (part 1)
January 14, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5t2pIzCBsWg

I hope it is gone oh we had a whole bit
where I can't hear because I've got the
headphones on we had a home fit we had a
whole bit happening you don't want to go
too crazy with the game on it because
remember like it gets super long I just
want to turn it down actually oh great
oh man we had a whole bit about how we
couldn't hear because everyone says rich
needs to wear headphones and so you're
wearing headphones Pub G is on steam yes
Pub G is on steam that's where you can
purchase pub G here we are playing pub G
we've it were a little late we're about
ten minutes late because we were fussing
with the the way we show both of our
gameplay footage and I like this version
better yeah this what we're calling
picture and picture that's fine that's
fine I think it looks a lot better we're
gonna play so actually you know what one
thing I did notice where you were you
were playing a match as I came in yeah a
pub G just getting used to the controls
of course of course just warming up do
you have a button for free look No so so
there's a button that you can press and
hold-down in this game where you can
look around while you're running in one
direction but you can look all 360
degrees around you while you keep moving
in one direction and it is incredibly
helpful you might want to consider
binding a mouse button or you know to a
free look but it could be very helpful
just uh just as a heads-up
whoa down right now right above combat
you have em for free look em huh
whatever em is I actually might work
okay
well
no I'm fine I'm sorry and it's fine I'm
your mouse
yeah yeah yeah people think I got some
weird Kiba J okay and they don't realize
I'm not using a normal keyboard right
those are keys I have found in my mouse
right cuz your mouse has about 10
million buttons something like that
that's you know like so many people so
many people yell at me for using a
little my little Chuck here but it's
like modern gaming mouses have a house
and buttons on them and this thing has
20 buttons on it so you get all your
buttons I like my Chuck
it's my Chuck y'all all right you want
to uh you want to want to I want to get
in on around yeah I mean I just invited
you to a game okay you can't see that
though cuz here
let's uh let's do just a little a little
two-by-two to start off the night third
person or first i/o we you know what we
didn't get to a first person how about
because I haven't had a chance to warm
up yet yeah it's fine this is what
you're comfortable with I don't give it
will do one in third person and then our
next one will be in first person how
about that and then we'll get some
chatters in then we'll get some chatters
in okay okay when is Project Hornet
presentation I'm gonna present rich with
some project Hornet stuff after we're
done stream and oh you may never hear
anything about it just deal with it and
put it out of your mind
fuck's sake we're not gonna give you an
update until we're ready so it's not
like you're going to trick us into
giving you an update did I did you hit
ready
you didn't hear it oh hello I like to
play pop G well iPad acts in a little
bit we'll be playing with the chat it'll
be great oh yeah a desert map the
headphones on I won't be able to hear a
word you're saying perfect I'm gonna put
headphones on - and they won't be able
to hear a word I'm saying do you have a
mic four people will be playing with
well they can hear me through yours
all right yeah yes it's true that's what
I'm you know no that should work though
just hear it as me yeah yeah yeah that's
my plan at least I was taken off a long
time from mind a load head last time
that way - what what are Y that is where
yours it took along yeah oh yeah good I
don't know which I can't I can't tell
you oh they're six oh I'm gonna put my
headphones in too
all right so now we both have our
headphones in is this a map reskin no no
it's not okay let's see here where do we
want to go you tell me jack you tell me
let's see here I think the last time we
went you know here-ish but that's like
right in the path of the plane this time
yeah all right what could be fun here
maybe yeah let's try to go let's try to
go over here all right all right so I'll
tell you when and three two one go
I don't think we're gonna make it I mean
I'm kind of going for that like farmland
looking area okay okay that's kind of
what I'm just gonna follow you
great oh I think I see what you're
talking about yeah with the patches the
farms and shitting gonna pull a little
early here and kind of glide what I've
heard is that if you get your your
speeds between like 35 and 40 miles per
hour if you'd like rocket between 35 and
40 you can make it further distances I
don't know if that is true but that is
what I've heard oh I took some damage
that sucks we took damage yep really
yeah that's weird that's life I guess
oh so this is for anyone who's wondering
this is what I'm doing right here is I'm
free looking so I'm running straight but
I can kind of look all around me and
it's really helpful yeah yeah situations
like this because like you can just you
know scan all the things around you
while still moving at a good speed Jack
hi so critiques Johnson Jack hi jack hi
I'm Jack what I don't know they're
saying Jack and I'm just saying hi back
say much better-looking screen setup
yeah oh good yeah I think so I think so
I'm glad you guys appreciate it well you
know that's what we're always we're
always looking for ways to better the
stream I got a shotgun
Richard still coming
we're gonna head towards these barns
here we're actually going away from the
circle
well I desperately need stuff so yeah
let's head to these barns I'm gonna my
PA no it's a bush never mind keep check
that little house I did so you can go
right past that little house all right
if I see anything in these next upcoming
houses I'll leave them for you
oh you're going right to the barn okay
I'm gonna check out these little houses
then you go to the barn you sawed-off
backpack I also have a sawed-off well
you know what that is rich that's
something that's something my friend it
ain't much but it's something
big medpac shotgun choke oh I think
that's a truck over there okay you keep
searching find all the good shit I'm
gonna go get this truck yes that's what
we needed
hopefully that's a working truck are you
a working truck are you a working truck
please be a working truck we could
really use that extra red site dot that
is not a working truck shit shit I just
wasted everyone's time loop said I can't
use great backpack perfect a little bit
if we don't I got some weapons here Jack
yeah yeah I'm sixteen and what is this
oh that's a good one I like what is that
whatever it is I like it it's a sniper
or is it uh oh here oh I got it I got a
good weapon I got a good weapon too
great
I got a machine gun shitty helmet well
you know better than it's better than no
helmet man you know what I'm saying I
got more shotgun ammo perfect perfect I
we first-aid kit I could use a vest you
might need to get moving sooner rather
than later
oh okay
right dad that's good yeah I don't have
much ammo for it are you are you five
six yeah oh yeah all right all right all
right all right I got some decent I have
decent enough weapons where I'm yeah
we're a tramp
I'm over here obviously oh here's a
backpack sir shit was that you yeah okay
I had no idea what this gun was or how
it felt there was a machine gun all
right let's run run like the dickens
because we were gonna get caught the
circle did you not find that truck huh
did you not find a truck no the truck
was a was a junker truck so we got a run
we got a run run run where's the nearest
street to where we are okay we're gonna
hit a street so hopefully we'll run into
something everything's gonna be fine
rich everything's gonna be just fine you
say that as if it's true how do I I
don't think I have anything bound to
putting away weapons it's fine it's fine
yeah first of all get on that second of
all we got to move
holy crud I got shake that's what if I
shake my check if I shake my Chuck I put
away my weapons are you got a motion
thing on that we got a motion little a
little motion sensor on it it's not like
a super accurate one but so yeah just
shake it put away my Oh actually I
actually brings out my last weapon -
that's neat I didn't know that what's
the default control for that fight I
gotta run yeah
we can deal with it as soon as we are in
safe in a safe area Oh
anin scanning the horizon for a car
we're gonna run into a road eventually
we will absolutely run into a road
eventually and then maybe we can find a
car so uh how's it going let's go good
how are you doing jack great I have not
ever died from a grenade zone rich have
you ever been Grenada I haven't I
haven't played this that much you've
never
you've never died in a red zone no
neither have I and I don't know if I've
ever heard of anyone ever dying in a red
zone I wonder if it's just there to like
spook people okay here's a road we got a
road so that's something cars are by
roads we can make it rich we can make it
we can make it it was big screen is Jack
if you see my name in the top yeah we
have names roll a name for the main
screen I didn't make one for the little
screen because you know deductive
reasoning would imply who the other
screen was absolutely that's a that's a
dead car damn it that's a dead car damn
it damn it damn it damn it
that's a dead car damn it damn it damn
it
keep running it's gonna be fine
it's all gonna be fine guys we've been
here before we've been here before we
can do this we can make it don't stop me
now we're having such a good time keep
running dude don't stop me don't stop me
don't stop me yeah that might be a
working car over there but that's out of
the way and that might not be a working
car I have rich you keep heading towards
the circle okay yeah cute you keep
running towards the circle that's your
job also looking for cars no I got one I
got that one I'm gonna get one you keep
running towards the circle I will I will
meet up with you I'm gonna I'm gonna go
into the red zone here we're gonna go
into the Thunder zone into the darkness
I might have one yeah I think we're in
fact running towards the same one and
someone just shot at us
you driving her me driving whoever gets
to first we gotta move okay yeah yep
you can't equip a weapon while you're
nagging oh this is a slow car that's
okay it's a car it's faster than running
it's faster than running man not faster
than the blue line still faster than
running we'll make it eventually oh this
is a nightmare now we can do it we're
doing great
oh shit just keep it on four wheels
we're doing great we're doing great
oh there you go a little trail a little
trail there Red River died to a bombing
zone
oh fuck fine we're doing great we're
doing great don't run over the mountain
run over the mountains what are you
doing where you going I can't go up that
mountain you can you can do anything if
you believe in it shit run run rich
you're in your van yes I'm in the van
dammit there's bombs everywhere I know I
know there's it's gonna be great we're
gonna make it it's gonna be great we're
gonna make it we're gonna make it wait
where are you I'm going back to the car
cars not moving
okay come on you got a run this is gonna
be fine everybody
no I knew that vent that van was toast I
knew I saw the writing on the wall next
time I'm driving now we're gonna make it
Jack next time you want to go to the
very edge of the map yeah I'm gonna say
no okay we're gonna make it we might not
make it rich we just might not make it
we just might not make it
is that a working vehicle huh that a
working vehicle no oh I'm gonna drink to
energy drinks which makes me faster
I just drank two energy drinks that made
me faster and will slow the killing of
me oh it's right there it's within the
site it's within my sight oh my god I
might die I might actually die Oh rich
and once we get there we got to start
running again okay okay here we go here
we go run till you die run till you die
run till you god I've a game oh I see it
I see it it's so close it's so beautiful
shit shit I made it I made it
are you gonna make it probably great
gonna bandage myself up
what kind of bandages first-aid kits do
you gots what do you need i bandaged i'm
good you're good because uh we kind of
got to start running again great all
right bad enough
let's rock and roll this is great I
think like as our first game out we're
doing we're doing the circle mechanic
really needs work
well we were farting around no we just
need to pee I think you should start
losing health if you go ten minutes
about a kill maybe five maybe I'll go
down to five huh we got to keep it we
got to keep it moving I got to keep it
five minutes you show up on the map ten
minutes you start dying unless you get a
kill
gotta keep it moving gotta keep it
moving rich yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
high paced game got to keep those
constraints on the players what's the
point of having a large map if this is
how it works well so you can explore
different sides of the map every time
you two minutes after the game starts
ninety percent of the map is useless
yeah but then the next game you might be
in a different part of the map just have
less players in a smaller map I think it
works you know what I think it works
Rock
I mean we've made it to the top thirty
that's the game rich I know that's the
game I think it's a little bit flawed
I've had fun playing co-op with it I
still don't love it and I think there
were flaws oh sure absolutely like one
of these flaws is you know eventually
someone who's inside the circle is just
gonna be looking outside the circle and
see our dumbasses running towards it and
pick us off one by one and we will have
spent the entire game just fruitlessly
running yeah
oh we might make it we might make it to
this one
yeah and then we'll have to start
running again you get it you know how
this works
yes you know how this works motherfucker
gonna move this table a little closer to
me rode up there maybe somebody maybe a
car no hey we made it we're gonna make
it let's angle a little bit towards the
road maybe we can run into a car I'm
dead
probably shit shit shit shit wait where
where yeah I don't know hey let's find
out
yeah run run run until you get spotted
running to safety that's that's the game
oh my God look how far away they were
look at how far away they were
ah they didn't even have any scopes they
were just very far away
yep that's happened by the way is it
that's what it looks like that looks
like good shots people are saying this
hacking yeah no like they didn't hit me
with every shot reporter no that's I
mean that wasn't crazy right yeah they
were waiting they were just waiting for
people to run and they like look at look
at the area they caught us and I had no
defense
we will try a first-person match
how often do I shave my head sometimes
I'll go a couple weeks without and I'll
get like you know decent stubble and and
the ring around usually it's at least
once a week sometimes more if we have a
shoot because I usually shave right
before Scheuer if I don't shave the day
of it has to be the day before guys
gotta start being more offensive what
the fuck did you want us to do
hey rich you know and I think our
problem was rich you know all of us you
stayed in the outside the zone yeah and
look for people to kill why we were
slowly dying rich I think all those
people that we passed while we were
running we should have killed him don't
you think don't you don't you think
that's what we should have done
let's see here alright let's try a first
person a first person server that's what
we are gonna do I'm a little less
comfortable in first person but hey
we're gonna rock it rock it from the
socket which needs some more doom from
do it's just a first person mode just
makes me claustrophobic it's like a
horror game you're going you're going
through the oh you can even free look in
first-person mode hmm you can free
looking first-person mode as well that's
nice so you know keep running keep
running forward but then like looks
you're right with you punch no you
cannot get the audio feed from my game
for a slew of reasons like I guess like
you could get it from mine but then you
wouldn't be able to get it from rich and
then you also we wouldn't be able to
like here like subs and tips and stuff
like that oh we need to open up the
laptop for tips after this we'll open it
up and get the tips but I think what
will help like what will help both me
and rich like this game is if you guys
yell at us about it that's what I feel
all rich where we going here right there
that right there great I'm with you
I'm worth to tell me when you wanted me
to do one well I will will jump right
here okay right there now where's the
marker where's the mmmm
there we go here we go here we go doing
great
heading right to a farmhouse heading
right to a farmhouse we're gonna glide
right in shoot some motherfucker oh I
wanted to move the table closer oh well
we can do that again this is first
person I need to remember not to be
freaked out when you want to jump in the
first person all right I see you coming
I don't see anyone else oh my god yo
shotgun
I see you're coming in there's another
shotgun in here if you want something
quick there's a helmet we can only hear
rich a stream you should be the main
focus uh you know that's not a bad idea
that is not a bad idea there so take it
what I thought I put bullets in you
crowbar yeah
backpack animal for something all right
I'll take it I'll take it
I'm coming in time that's me I'm coming
in that's me all right
okay what is this what is this oh that's
a nice shirt I might want that shirt you
know what no I don't want to go I'm
naked that's what I want
go to this little red house Northwest
okay okay we're right at the line uu we
landed directly inside the circle so I'm
just heading outside the circle a little
bit
well I got a backpack that plane drop
off anything good
oh I'm inside man oh you're way over
there just a little bit I'm just a
little bit there's there's some stuff
over here and I'm still within well
within like running distance we're right
on the edge yeah yeah that's why I'm
just I'm just gonna check out these
houses which I can't imagine many people
are going to be looting because it's on
the outside and then we can always run
back real quick
this nice farmstead up here that I think
I want to check out what we got time I
think we have two minutes and we are
very very close so I think we have time
yes open the door and I I could use a
helmet I could use okay bulletproof
vests there's a helmet in this house
that I'm in the big red house
so far I have a shotgun we got our ak-47
over here okay nice
that's something are you taking you need
it do you want it if you have it if you
know if you're taking it you take it
okay well I got out you can have my old
machine gun here okay yeah I think I
prefer the a K though okay that's an
okay then I'll come to you we yeah sake
and what kind of ammo is that that's
yeah I'll take that
I think I have some shit for that
backpack right yeah
I'm taking this sub machine gun here but
there's a 12 gauge if you need a shotgun
I got a shotgun I have a shotgun
I was looking yeah cause we got we got a
boot scoot boogie in just a little bit
but I think we have time to explore the
rest of these houses over here which
houses up there kind of oh there's a big
one back here now we need to keep our
ears peeled absolutely tails
pills pills pills pills tails what tell
us what pills pills
oh I was seeing no time for your drug
addict problems backpack level - I would
take it I got it I got one
oh there's another one yeah oh shit
I put a marker with that backpack has
come back for it right where I'm at
right now
tomorrow right click on the map
well let's live a little bit office
where I'm standing now on the mini-map
okay I'm coming to you doing great all
right we should probably but I mean
we're oh hello this is what I won't this
is what I won't I want this yeah all
right if we can get ourselves a scope we
uh I got a red dot sight
wait no I'm using it yeah I don't worry
about that man if we can get ourselves a
scope we got the makings of something
what are you you'll do for now
oh yeah a little double to vest would
wear yeah Jack what are we doing huh
where are you what are we doing let's
head back to the circle yes I'm about
ready to do yeah into someone ran into
someone I'm down where are you I'm
outside somewhere I'm coming to you
coming to you got two of them coming in
coming in coming here thank you
it took me a while to realize that that
wasn't rich there was someone standing
in front of me and I was like that you
know like I thought it was you but then
it took me a while to realize that it
was not you all right I'm gonna steal
all this shit they have all right I need
healing items now here here's I just
dropped the first-aid kit at this guy oh
yeah okay thank you go oh for excope
boom boom all right great
yeah now we got a decent sniper
we got a a lot of good stuff right you
all healed up
take a moment heal up yeah yeah we got a
little bit of time then we got a we got
to go to the line I didn't even hear
those fuckers and they shit jack fuck
yeah yeah Jack thank you for saving my
ass you're you were clearly better at
this than I am you know what I just got
lucky
those guys were not paying attention I
was and I was gonna have fan attention
but I was paying more attention than
they were
so I'll take it I'm heading to this Hill
should be close enough at the white line
not on it actually we gotta get we're
almost out of time just look at them oh
yeah we don't we're gonna make it I'm
just we just made it which is nice yeah
let's get on to the top of this hill see
if we can see anybody I'm gonna go all
the way to the to the highest point
Oh sky take a look down see if we see
anybody I do not
great
just kind of heading down the hill a
little bit here yeah just just want a
greater area to see people you know
possibly catch some people sneaking out
of their house how far away I'll fuck we
are very far away
is that you yeah I'm behind you
you know is anybody over there I don't
think so yeah you wanna start heading a
little bit inwards yeah I'm just gonna
check out this area see if I can see a
car sometimes they have cars over here
damn it
yeah we should start heading yeah
heading in that go ahead a little
towards this little town over here to
see if if there's a car hanging out
because that would just probably people
and then our woods Jack yeah and I guess
then we'll just have to fucking take him
out well don't get too far away from
them okay I'm in a bush
it's alright nerd they'll never see me
I'm in a bush alright alright you just
went ahead you went ahead like straight
southeast sure we'll just kind of keep
an eye on that town over there and
see if anyone wants to start some shit
with us
there are you seven alive was there been
a bloodbath or there just less people
playing these days you know there could
have been a bloodbath
well that's 37 teams alive right or is
that people 37 alive oh okay it just
doesn't say team it just says 37 alive I
don't know man
could've been a bloodbath this is only
this is only what the where's my
goodness hey take it slow we're pretty
close yeah yeah
double check this little town over here
there's a motorcycle over there but yeah
we're we're close enough anybody else on
that hill
anybody coming from over there oh who
the 4x scope all right we can't see the
alive counter you hacks it's 35 deal
with it yeah if you all could just do
make it take some time later and move it
to the other side of the screen now fuck
it it's fine this is how it is people
get used to it something coming car
see it no where's it
now she said inside this circle here
maybe if we can get like over this Ridge
then I'll give some hive some high
ground to snipe some people oh yeah yeah
yeah oh here we go
I bet I bet you there's someone in that
house I bet you there's someone in that
house over there I'm gonna get behind
that rock and see if I can take him out
okay we are inside the circle so let's
see if we can fuck with some people you
watch my six watch it and you get that
six watch on oh there's even a bush by
the rock you're us you're unstoppable
now
oh the they have no idea the power I
have
I'm getting this other brush over here
do it get in the bush good in the bush
what is that oh it's a tree I thought
that was it I thought that wasn't our it
looked like a giant tower rising from
the sky I was like what is that tower
I've never seen that cuz it's a tree
because it's a tree rich I don't see
anybody but yeah let's just let's just
take our time over here see if anybody
passes by oh oh there's a dune buggy
over there straight east there's a dune
buggy like to the left of that house
yeah yellow nice yellow dune buggy see
them so that could be helpful but let's
just wait and after the the circle
closes again maybe so let's let's hang
out here this is nice and cozy and when
it's really close to the next circle
we'll go ahead for the dune buggy yeah
yeah we're gonna have to cross the
bridge so we'll need the dune buggy
actually do you want to get closer to
the dune buggy well no if someone goes
in I'm gonna shoot him I don't have the
range you have oh yeah well let's just
go let's just crawl towards the dune
buggy then see if anybody see if anyone
takes it see if there's any movement on
the buggy little dune buggy in the sand
little blue dune buggy I'm gonna head to
the little house a little a little Hut
there yeah yeah I got an eye on the big
houses
I've seen no movement on the big houses
carp
to here or do you see him I don't see
anything I hear it I'm driving away that
dune buggy's hours man that Tim bookies
fucking arse let's do it
a shotgun choke in this Hut if you want
or need it thank you
I'm let's quick clear out that house if
we can just to make sure no one's in
there all right then we're gonna do and
buggy and then you got it you got a
driver be the gunner cuz when we cross
that bridge some people are gonna want
to kill us
alright I'll Drive okay
who automatic shotgun in here I'm gonna
stick with my Ozzy and I do see but you
know submachine gun yeah do it stick
with it
checked you did a health pack uh no but
you don't need it you have one oh no I
don't have one
take it thank you I kind of owe you one
anyway
oh that's right you do shotgun if you go
to their house tell me we should stay -
oh sorry no I'm just I'm just doing
recon I'm picking up energy drink
that'll fill me up - max right yeah oh
shit
dune buggy so you're driving sure we
gotta cross the bridge so right yeah yep
I found the road or well the road yep
and father
while the road and take a road you know
ahead to that big old bridge and we're
gonna run into some resistance I am sure
of it
I catch him by surprise though cuz we're
outside the blue line oh shit what are
you doing where you going I got shot I'm
dead I'm down uh oh shit I shot you
instead of pressing the button and I am
very sorry I shot you instead of
pressing the button the the shoot button
is very near the the revive button and
that is my fault and I'm gonna have to
live with that I did that was a mistake
on my part and I'm very very sorry for
that and now I'm dead so it's it's my
it's fine it's um I didn't make it I
didn't make it much much further than
you my my
I smashed you button
is
right next to my pick you up
maybe maybe you want we think some of
those bindings I want to see the death
camp of the person who shot me though
you'll probably to see my death cam to
see that no let's show me why strongly
oh boy cuz you get team killed oh that's
right
because I killed you that's right let's
see your death cam I think they were
pretty far away I'm gonna guess they had
some nice scopes I believe they were
pretty far right yeah look at that they
were all the way on the other side of
the bridge I don't know they didn't even
have a nice coat
yeah one with a nice scoop hey sorry
about that rich once can be written off
twice as a trend that would know that
was just that was that was some nerves I
was I was getting excited we were making
it pretty far and I got really excited
and I accidentally hit I pull the
trigger button so let's try one more
just you and me all right all right
that was a cold-blooded execution it you
know it was that was embarrassing
watching your eyewear Eddie we're
looking at how kind of money I should
move them well
what move that off of the Deaf counter
or the living people alive counter yeah
should yeah if you want we a little bit
late right now we have 40 seconds yeah I
know none of time okay when we're
getting set up for letting people in the
Chatham I did before you got here hey
guys I have an interview for an IT job
at a very nice office near Wall Street
tomorrow any tips for the interview
what would be your dream job aside from
making money talking about movies stay
calm and tell them what they want to
hear yeah you just kind of got to figure
out what it is they they want to hear I
will work hard for you alright alright
Jack where do you want to go uh you know
you know me okay so the last time we
tried here and that didn't really work
out so well I think we went here last
time let's
no fuck it let's go here alright ready
wait uh and go it's like just dive bomb
it'sit's just a little bit off of where
we going I don't know I'm following you
at this point
great just follow me we're going to the
city we're going to the big barns that I
don't work cuz you know that's what we
need rich a little excitement
those big barns at the white tops that's
where I'm heading
alright so many people there's gonna be
a lot of people right here oh yeah
there's one
you know let's try to pivot let's pivot
let's pivot and get on this roof right
in front of that yes
they all right there's a motorcycle
right here
just fucking hop on it and I can get out
of town fuck it
just leave me fuck it fuck me like
everything leave me oh yeah I see you
you're in there I have an automatic
shotgun I'm not gonna shoot you rich I'm
not convinced that's fair
I'll be honest that's fair I deserve
that I deserve that and that's fair
there's a helmet up here what I need is
a gun of any kind there's a shotgun up
here shotgun up there yeah there's a
helmet down here I think I already have
a helmet this is me up here okay over
here yeah
Athena
oh wait wherever I thought I was here
with you over here oh okay all right
let's go um let's just fucking murder
some dudes yeah well I'm going to these
apartment complexes to the southeast
because we got to head that way anyway
and we only have three minutes so oh
there's stuff in here okay that's you
but other people huh but are there
people there might be people Beck Beck
pan that's you that's me that's me
that's me that's me that's that's scary
a hand coming see it's easy to shoot
your friend son of a bitch there's
another backpack oh where where where
where over here where I'm in that room
where I was
we got that home we might have to just
go and find a car drink because it's
getting to that point where if we don't
have a car we're gonna be running the
whole match all right so why don't we
can we do that you sure we're right by a
road so they're theoretically there's a
I passed a motorcycle on the way here
yeah we do people get on a motorcycle
yeah I can get in the back if someone
didn't already take it right here nice I
don't think I can shoot on the back of
the motorcycle but just going on yeah
yeah
yeah we'll just head you know if we see
another a better car stop for the better
car if not just go to that was that a
doom buddy we just best
what just happened I'm sorry what just
happened I think we've flipped over on
the bike
what's it what just happen happened it
was we just flipped over on the bike
this game was fucking game that wasn't
dune buggy Oh yep we just got run over
by our own bike we had helmets on we had
helmets all right let's take a moment
compose herself anyone who wants to play
with us let's say Oh Tammy I'm gonna
adjust with the the camera position I'm
sure at least the screen position
excellent
sure you do that apparently my uh my
vsync just wasn't on my vsync was not on
so there we go okay who would like to
join us okay join us you know maybe
we'll lay off the motorcycles for a
little bit I'll be right Jack's drunk
driving is the most dangerous part of
game that was rich driving oh wait I
haven't I've labeled rhonchi what I have
no that's right I just gotta not put it
under the little window so it doesn't
look like that's where it gets bad for
that shouldn't be in the way the
deathcounter right no no I should be
fine okay I should be fine okay the same
thing with this cuz that looks like it's
labeling the little screen right agree
done with you I'm with him great great
let's see what we got here
Boudreau 45 says had an RL M fan in my
theater loudly quoting rich during the
movie
very cool oh my god when confronted
claimed I paid for a ticket I can do
what I want
yeah can you discuss theatre etiquette
well the theater adequate etiquette
would be to be quiet during a film
unless you're laughing at it unless it's
so funny that you're laughing at him
yeah that person just sounds like an
entitled dickhead this is why I'm with
Mike about not mourning the dying off of
the theatres I'm just not warning this
it seems like for me it's gonna be fine
for me it's totally fine because when
you go to like the indie movie theater
it's everyone is respectful and just
pays attention right
it's just the big it just like the the
big theaters that all the masses go to
where people have the problems go to
your art house theater and everyone is
very respectful so
it's gonna be great the elderly's I did
have a guy I went to see I went to see
Coco this weekend which by the way is a
very good movie a really really solid
movie and there was a quite elderly
gentleman in the row in front of us who
was shouting at like not shouting at the
movie but like yelling at the movie in
kind of a hushed tone where he's like
what are you doing but don't go in
what's doing like yeah you could hear
him I try to talk to the characters and
that is actually the first time I've
ever encountered this it was a real-life
old person just going like obviously you
go that way man
no go that way he was like really trying
to guide the characters it was probably
starting to lose him he was surprised
certainly lose it a little bit is it
true people clap in American theatres
thumbs palm like what movie you're
saying like you're seeing a Star Wars
movie a Star Wars just makes people lose
their fucking minds for some reason all
those do dumb things you can Star Wars
I've clapped at the end of a good movie
but like in the middle of no not in the
middle okay like after the movies done
and I'm like hey that's a fine movie
I'll give a clap like in the middle of
the movie yeah I don't know maybe maybe
it's happened once or twice I don't know
what lightsaber that's exactly what I
did that's exactly what I did every time
every time a lightsaber came on I was
asked to leave by security sir you can't
just clap every time you see a
lightsaber but did you see the
lightsaber
alright the loyd beats says jack that
game i tweeted at you is drop mix it's a
card game by Harmonix where you play
cards that are different song elements
and the game seamlessly mixes them
together into hot jams
so fun it looked interesting I've
actually I've read a little bit about
drop mix it seems interesting it is
though it's another one of those
harmonics peripheral games where you
need to buy a thing to play the game and
so it's gonna be one of those things
that might be the hottest thing on the
planet for like a month and then
everyone's gonna forget about it like
they did for a rock band so but yeah it
looks looks very interesting loads it
almost looks like a like you you you put
these cards down on a little pad and
then mix notes and I'm a huge fan of
like guitar hero and rock band in fact I
still have guitar hero one and two for
ps2 and I love it some of my favorite
games but it died out pretty quick I
guess now rock band was around for years
afterwards guitar hero was awesome
guitar hero was one of my favorite games
I know you're not really rhythmically
inclined yeah but there was
showing up there for some it says you're
in team uh III think that Guitar Hero is
one of the most immersive games I have
ever played never have I felt you know
like cuz it blurs that line between like
I pressed a note at the right time
versus I press the note and I played the
note like it felt like he were playing
guitar whose great lovely sorry wrong
what we got here digsy deuces hey guys
love your streams what was the first
video game you ever played pac-man
possibly what possibly pac-man sure
quite possibly pong for me it could have
been like pong I like an old Atari or
something that was lying around the
house could have been I don't really
remember
that's so ruble my grandparents had pong
for four different versions of Kong and
I think I was playing that before I got
an NES yeah so yeah I'm gonna say pong
or one of those like little handheld
games that only had one game on them you
know yeah one of those like a mr. mr.
show and watch well I know for sure I
had played a game before there was such
a thing as an NES yeah yeah yeah yeah
there's no way it was an NES game could
have been could have been some horseshit
on the Atari 2600
oh sure
let's see here Hellcat striker says how
was your weekend been going I assume it
has been better oh yeah I assume it has
been better than if you were in Hawaii
did you hear about that no the people in
Hawaii got a heads up a missile is
coming warming oh that yeah how terrible
and it was just someone pressed the
wrong button by mistake
I really hope someone lost their job
right Jebus interesting day you Hawaii
that I'm hearing horror stories it's
just people like frantically like
calling loved ones been like it's got
we're done but you know I love you it's
like it's terrifying
just spit was it like like a half hour
of just sheer terror waiting yeah yeah I
mean the the only good news coming out
of that is like it was a false alarm
right but still you're just like I would
I went through a half-hour of Hell
motherfucker but it was long yeah yeah
yeah yeah
anyone genuinely fearing a nuke doesn't
understand reality someone making that
comment doesn't understand how many
close calls this world has had so
someone who made that comment has never
been in a close call themselves multiple
times we have come within a Harrow a
fucking nuclear Armageddon
wasn't though like that once it was like
the vote of one Russian submarine
captain not to launch when they had some
kind of systems malfunction oh yeah yeah
one man saved the world just Kadam we're
not doing it yeah he was in charge he
was one of the people in charge and they
had a vote you know like this is the
situation we're supposed to lost the
mission we've lost the contact here and
there there yeah
these thing not we're not going to admit
it and the world doesn't hurt but it
came really fucking close yeah
I just fuckin fuckin NORAD has had
system malfunctions hey I love I just
love I love the idea of like this person
whoever made that comment being like
what it what an armchair quarterback
they're just what a bunch of cowards oh
they thought missiles were coming that
would never happen no idea it doesn't
really get it it's just someone who has
apparently never been in a situation
more dire than running out of milk
you know like alright and let's see here
oboe drove 45 says thanks for answering
my theater adequate adequate question I
meant more along the lines of how to
tell people to chill needed to be more
clear Oh like how would he tell like you
asked them nicely if he said if that
person says what they say then you go
see a manager go see a theater manager
at leasts you can get like a free ticket
because that's you know you can tell
that theater manager like this dickhead
was talking throughout the entire strip
stream was talking throughout the entire
movie completely ruined my time and
you'll get a free movie pass or they'll
kick that person out because they can do
that so that's you ask politely first
then go see a manager
all right so John let's people are we
mean we have one more I have one more
tip to get through then we will invite
some people into our game this Jack has
talking through the whole stream I eco
kendo or Ito kendo says out of all my
favorite highly recommended movies which
out of all of your favorite highly
recommended movies which is the oldest
my dad's been trying to get me into
classic Hollywood with mixed results
it's a wonderful life all right
that's probably the oldest for me that's
that's decent that's a decent answer I
don't know if I have a proper answer to
that besides some of the original
Godzilla movies just cuz I think they're
fun and weird you're pretty old oh here
okay here's my real answer yeah I have a
real answer Charlie Chaplin movies yeah
I haven't seen many trailers
you know as some of them are hard to
watch obviously they're silent arrow
movies sure sure but especially if you
are aspiring to be a writer a comedian
anyone who's interested in timing those
movies like Charlie Chaplin and and Oh
God who's the other guy
Buster Keaton thank you the Charlie Chan
watch old Charlie Chaplin and Buster
Keaton movie Xand how they were able to
express ideas with very few words and
perfect comedic timing so all that
Chaplin Buster Keaton stuff dr.
Strangelove mm that's not comparatively
old but relatively speaking relatively
speaking that's pretty all right new
invites people I'm gonna use the
restroom oh okay
all right we're gonna do groups of four
groups of four let's see who we got here
I actually have no idea
I assume it's for two no we got here who
we got who haven't I seen before seen
before
you want to join and what about you Burt
Zilla you want to join my team you watch
an in-stream are you just a random
friend who's playing all right there you
go
hey everybody
Groucho Marx was was greatly Groucho
Marx those Marx Brothers movies also
there's so many so many old comedy
movies that I think people are gonna
forget about I think people are gonna
forget about Stooges they're gonna
forget about the Marx Brothers we're
gonna forget about Buster Keaton Charlie
Chaplin
but watch him the great
Abbott and Costello you know like I was
more into Marx Brothers than either
loora loora and Hardy or Abbott and
Costello or Amos and Andy like Marx
Brothers were was more my jam so
