Minit to Win it (pt 2)
May 2, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zKts6XNIiw

oh there you are wait wait I want to
talk to you oh crap
I get it I get it I get what's happening
tiny dwarf says some time ago I tipped
you about my mission to find my mage
giant tortoise apparently it was Peter
Dinklage and Avengers all along ah
spoilers spoilers rich maybe might be
spoilers yeah you know an actor is in
the movie I suppose he does not really a
spoiler
you know Act II what movie I well I know
it was it was a it was widely rumored
because because his name appeared on the
poster okay before it was announced that
he was even in the movie so he films his
part completely in secret really yeah
until like one of the trailers popped
and it said Peter Dinklage I like Peter
Dinklage is in this who is great by the
way in it my aunt bloodshot says can we
talk Avenger Chef no no and I yet give
it a little time man that says hey rich
Jack thanks for the laughter you guys
provide rich if you tried Battletech yet
not yet I'm a list
that's on the official lists huge future
Jay says Jack you mentioned recently
that you'd started on beta-blockers
because of tremors yes how are you doing
with that I am off of beta blockers is
how I'm doing with that they weren't
they weren't driving with you oh my god
I was I was on them for approximately a
week and I don't know if they were beta
plate if it was beta blockers or just it
was medication to lower cholesterol or
not cholesterol blood pressure it was
high blood pressure medication and my
blood pressure is great but my doctor
said that one of the effects of this
blood pressure medicine is it calms
tremors because I have what's known as
essential tremors familial essential
tremors which is hereditary some
handshake and I was on this medication
for a week and he said you know my first
question to the doctor when he
prescribed them to me was was what are
the side effects and he says well for
you you know you're young and healthy
ish so there you're just gonna be tired
more you know you might be a little
lethargic it might it might affect your
mood some but really I think mostly it's
gonna make you tired and if you do any
physically strenuous activity you might
you might get winded easily because it
keeps your heart rate lower right yeah
and so I said you know I'll give it a
try right so I'm on it for a week and it
did reduce the tremors I was able to
hold my hand completely still good news
bad news I was a miserable cunt for a
week straight I was cranky I was tired
all the time and the people around me
noticed my mood they're just like what's
wrong with you and I was like I'm fine
and everything so I I went off them and
I've been off them for like four three
four days now and I feel significantly
better then my shakes are coming back
already but I feel better so I'm talking
with my daughter something you're
willing to deal with well that's the
question
it was getting bad enough where I was
having a hard time putting toothpaste on
a toothbrush huh
and of course part of my job is holding
a camera so we're working on another
option whether it's another prescription
whether it's you know something a little
more homeopathic or whatnot but all
right jack is an asshole
I don't buy it I am generally speaking a
very chill person and people definitely
noticed that I turned into a bit of an
a-hole there's there's a couple things
that do of actually an interesting thing
is when I started talking to the doctor
about my shakes one of the first
questions he asked me was about whether
or not my family had a history of
alcoholism yeah so you guys you guys
drinkers and I was like oh yeah big
drinking family because that's that's
interesting because we find a strong
correlation between families that drink
in families that have these kinds of
memories because often times they will
self-medicate with booze and booze you
know calms everything in so it calms
your nerve and so it goes it's actually
a weird you know it's we don't know if
it's caused a causation because it's a
chicken and egg thing but what you'll
find is you know if someone had it
they'll start drinking their kids might
have it and then they might learn
drinking from them and so I was like
that is very very interesting and you
know shared this information with my
family obviously and found out that my
brother also has some shaky hand issues
and so it's just a thing it's just a
thing that I gotta find a way to deal
with
it's home before Edo
kendos says how is the enemy design and
the new God of War is there a good
variety seems like you guys were
fighting a lot of dudes with butterfly
wings and that shit that's pretty boring
overall we did the review I liked the
game I gave him a thumbs up but that is
one of the issues I had with it it it
could use a little bit more enemy
variety but it's fun combat but it gets
old because there's limited an enemy for
heavy yeah that that one section there
were the Dark Elves are different than
most of the other enemies but they're
only in that one section and really
there aren't that many Dark Elves and
there's I'll send you some links for a
DIY Steadicam Oh beefcake Thanks
no you know I've already been
compensating for that like if you put a
normally when I have a camera situation
it's not a monopod anyway just because
that's better like you know that I'm
steady but even on the monopod sometimes
it's been shaking so actually what I do
is I take two big rubber bands and let
you know hold the monopod with the two
rubber bands and then I can take all I
want and I would still get a nice steady
shot
I've already been compensating for my
hands
hanging out with those bandits
there's bandits such a shame
I've gotta find these guys
future picture Jase is rich last half in
the bag friend and I were wondering who
realized Chris Evans Donna look like
Jade that friend wants to know if Jay
would be willing to autograph Captain
America tour Jay about that I don't know
who notice it wasn't me
did you see the doll I heard well yeah
we have it you have the Captain America
doll yeah oh okay I got maybe at maybe I
saw that because you guys had did it on
this I didn't watch the episode right
but uh that doll looks incredibly like
Jay yeah for anyone who doesn't know
what rich is talking about there is a
Captain America doll that has the beard
and the hair because you know Chris
Evans has the beard and infinity war
Cantus screaming action figure right you
listen
it's a fucking doll it's there ain't no
difference between an action figure and
a doll man
what's the what's the difference between
a doll and an action figure your ability
to feel manly while playing that's the
difference they're dolls man they're all
fucking dolls deal with it you know what
they're all toys
who cares dolls are action figures they
could they could also be having fun with
you probably see the Netflix dock could
the toys that made us
if I had a CT scan or met with a
neurologist no no if my doctor is not
worried at the time or at the moment at
least is not worried about you know
because obviously my mind went to some
very dark places he's not worried about
Parkinson's or or anything like that
because he said the nice he says there's
a difference you know my tremors you
know kind of our up and down drummer
right he says what what you should be
worried about if you're worried about
early Parkinson's is what he calls
rolling tremors pill rolling trimmers
we're like it's this motion yeah if you
if you have trouble controlling this
motion or shoulder moment like this no
like like we should fingers oh he says
he said it's that rolling motion that
really is an early indicator Parkinson's
and because of a family history of
drinking and other people in my family
who also shake
he thinks it's this essential tremors
which is just a thing that exists
he-man was literally an attempt to make
dolls marketable by emphasizing the
manly bed I think that started with GI
Joe man not not the real American GI Joe
but the original GI Joe I think it was
the first thing to be called an action
figure was GI Joe a toy before a comic
yes like 20 years before awesome
they're like Barbie sized action figures
yeah yeah and they weren't like
superheroes they just normal army
uniforms on originally then Star Wars
popularized the smaller action figures
yes because they wanted to sell vehicles
to put the toys in yeah you need if you
want to sell our Millennium Falcon you
can't you can't be selling a Barbie size
town and solo because the bunker
wouldn't take off your bedroom
specifically the reason that Star Wars
action figures are small really yeah
is this in that documentary I didn't
know I don't know that's in that
documentary is just something I've heard
ages ago oh man that's really
interesting cuz like re old school GI
Joes are some badass dolls man those
things are huge and awesome
shit follows okay I have the ability to
swim now and I'm pretty excited about
that and that's a treasure I got
remember that old man said about the
treasure
he said avoid the sharks oh wait I
wonder what's over here Jojo had that
gigantic aircraft carrier yeah that was
weird that they even tried to sell that
oh yeah
huge huge jack
that sounds awesome
he's at South and West six feet long my
god
the USS Flagg the GI Joe's aircraft
carrier had been big enough so the Jets
they sold the GI Joes can fit on it I
loved it I loved it I loved every second
of it
I want it actually just want to see
pictures of it I don't want it
sure
I did it
back rods says Mike wasn't um ik and the
magic railroad he can juggle I was
exposed to you guys sooner than I
realized
I I have literally no idea what you're
talking about
does anybody I gotta turn off these
ghosts these ghosts aren't going that's
my goal right now
hey Tony I'm fuckin loving this I fuckin
loving this it's it is it's like it's
tiny little puzzles in in a world in a
world so what what are you doing right
now look what is going what is even
going on that's a great question
there there's a couple things I need to
figure out yeah make it myself and go
back to the hotel let's see what you
have to say Oh actually I'm done I'm
done with this area so I just I got
another coin and I got the ability to
swim I need to figure out this area
still but I think I'm gonna head back to
kind of where I started and see how far
I can get now that I have the ability to
swim and so you know basically every
upgrade just kind of makes me able to
move new places faster and and reach
more areas it's it's it's like a
microcosm of a Metroid game it's it's a
it's the smallest Metroid game you could
ever make so swim up there well I want
to get into a house first so I respawn
this house instead of that's perfect
and home selected and here we go ya
think now that I can swim I should be
able to get on this little island
yeah so this is a numeric treasure or
and do they reset the coins no no I keep
it I keep that coin how many do you need
seven no that's right I was looking for
wood for wood for that deal he's trying
to buy the factory ASAP yeah sure
okay shook means I can't cover there
oh you know I can talk to you that's
suspicious oh I do that oh you did that
I ain't Chuck I did that already but
maybe there's something new over there I
don't know yeah that's where I got my
watering can
all right yeah it's just it's just the
tiniest I just see how about quicksand
about being patient
it's a secret
oh it's a secret yours you had to kill
yourself in the quicksand to get a coin
that's great okay died still good see if
there's anything else in there those go
tints are useful I guess
you know it make its public more fun
what isn't a goddamn timer is creating
an artificial feeling of difficulty
you'll make dead rising more fun there
weren't an artificial timer artificially
inflating the difficulty you know you
know you know what would have made Mario
Brothers more fun no goombas all those
goombas and Koopas did was get in the
way man look you might not like the
timer and it's fine if you don't like
the timer I don't think it's fair to
call it artificial though I think it's
just it's they're given for the game
right it's the premise that's the whole
that's the whole point of the game
yeah it's not it's not a gimmick when
that is the core gameplay mechanic
friendo
you'll make more dead rising more Conan
grant on Windows 10
oh it does No and it actually does make
the game more fun does it oh yeah it got
an official an official PC release
that's right
found the boat would found it and I get
there in time
I got your boat would need some time to
fix this thing so we been working on a
trip okay I want to go on a trip
yeah we're gonna go on a boat trip deep
in thought now I'm just reading just
reading shit man yeah reading shit sonic
the hedge ii cuz if either of you seen
the netflix punisher show yes what are
your opinions if you haven't you
probably shouldn't watch it it's a
fantastic show that's infuriating
because it's nothing like punisher I
haven't I haven't seen it and I've heard
that criticism of it all day and yeah
that's that's kind of the problem with
it is it's not like Punisher and that
you kind of want it to be Punisher
because it's The Punisher the the most
of the Punisher we get in season 2 of
daredevil is great yeah you haven't seen
that yet not the rest of it I saw part
of it I don't know why I stopped there
just get distracted or something and I
never got around to coming back to it as
it happens well someday yeah I mean that
in all the time that Frank Castle is in
jail in daredevil season 2 is fuckin the
greatest Punisher ever and his Netflix
show was really wishy-washy with the
whole Frank wants to murder people thing
and they tried to they tried to make him
sympathetic they tried to make him
sympathetic you don't do that there's no
need to do that of course not there's
bad people he murders the bad people
boom right Punisher is fun because he's
a cold-blooded psychotic motherfucker
yeah that's what makes the Punisher work
yes and so they they were trying to
really dance around that issue also
here's another problem with the Punisher
TV show is the a lot of the effects were
we're bad looking yeah the the like they
used they used like fake blood spurts or
squibs or whatever like
computer-generated stuff and it looked
bad wait where's my boat friend
ah jerk
wait boat friend what
all right what's the supposed to look
like
I assume all up hey I did it you solved
it an accident
finally I really did I was just not
thinking about it at all all right I
really was just just smacking him why
what do you got for me no I turned the
ghosts off I always had a ghost yeah the
ghost give you hints and I didn't want
them they were they were getting in my
way man - okay bye and bloodshed says I
recently started watching Legion it's
now one of my favorite show
shit yeah should be weird and complex so
one of the best-looking shows on TV
honestly honestly whoever's the
cinematographer on that Legion I'm now
on it wonder if they will tie into x-men
at some point no idea yeah sure
certain certainly not if Marvel gets
their hands on it
Legion is great like even the second
season which the the second season is
less great because it makes more sense
if that makes any sense
okay part of the fun of the first season
was us as an audience trying to figure
out what's reality what's in David's
head what is in the real world that
David or the shadow king is manipulating
it's like it was neat psychic imagery
stuff really neat stuff right and season
two even though it gets really weird
because it's dealing with more psychic
stuff and time travel and body swapping
and and extra layers of bullshit it kind
of makes more sense with time travel and
bunny-hopping
so you know I'm a little uh I'm still
very much enjoying it David shark where
am I supposed to go where's my boat
friend Rachel my boat friend left me I'm
sorry we should be the boat friend
doesn't like you sure
and never seen such a ravenous sharks oh
yeah they're on me all right so you're
working right terminal okay get the crab
and you're working terminal okay what if
I hit you both terminals are okay but I
you don't want to accidentally knock one
out of sync
I tried but no there oh here - here I
got the basement key great no do you
think get the heck out of town
oh okay
okay I see I see what's happening
there's another one
what look at those submarine you need to
come from the other side you fucked it
up with it
well the reset nope Wow when I kill
myself for the reset hand up shit die
okay here we go all part of the journey
man all part of the journey have some
caffeine - I probably shit no yes I got
the ten ago you did it do you need to
grab something from him no no I just
need to get all the tentacles oh okay
opinion on them overrated character and
movie looks lame
movie looks totally lame Tom Hardy it
looks like he's sleepwalking through it
visually he was a very interesting
villain and yes that was backhanded but
never this bad
but razorblade had I've read the tips
huh
you've been readin hey I may have missed
this one I'll read it naanum says and
this is anonymous I don't know there's
you this is good evening rich and Jack
rich I remember you and a past show
saying you enjoy true crime stories have
you heard about the recent capture of
Joe DeAngelo aka the Golden State killer
I have heard about it I know very little
about it though currently exactly what
happened that was the what Michelle
McNamara's book was about yeah
which and then they find they found the
killer that's that's all I know that's
all I know too but it is good egg good
job everyone
say yeah little late but you did it good
thing I went back to read that tip I
just want to make sure something we
might need to read
rethink our stream tip I I think the
stream tips service might be ending soon
oh really I think so that's not good
no and so I'll look into whether whether
we do bits you know we go full bit yeah
and find a way to archive our bits so we
can you know answer questions that
people ask with bits later but uh
notebook person however I really do want
to read drastic Park and lost world at
some point Jurassic park's worth a read
I don't remember lost world did you ever
read lost world I think I started to and
didn't finish Jurassic Park is a decent
book I recommend it I really recommend
it
I remember liking it I find read them
when the movie came out right oh right
it's been ages
yet if they end the current service we
used four tips
don't worry we will find some other way
for you to give us money
that will be our BB our new number one
priority above all else Jesus Christ we
hooked up I gotcha
great yeah on those same lines I went
down a I went down a bit of a tech
rabbit hole today
yeah I ever you know I I subscribed to a
ton of oh that's right the bridge if you
take care of those creeps ah that's
right nice I subscribe to a tech blogs
and camera stuff and different you know
shooter McGavin type situations like hey
you know your camera head here's my blog
about new camera technology right yeah
and what I started researching we're
just gonna hang out and die for
what I started researching is new ways
for us to shoot episodes because you
know they're there in any production
there's any fishing cease and one of the
in efficiencies we have shooting prereq
is just the ingest and transcoding of
the footage yeah and this might be super
boring talk for everyone but heads up
its camera talk time so what we do is
you know we shoot the episode three
cameras each has its own SD card I know
I know you can do it rich you can do it
then I have to take each individual SD
card transfer the footage over to a hard
drive and transcoded into something my
editor can read easily usually pro res
which for you know it's it's a three
hours worth of footage that can
sometimes take a few hours just to
transcode properly right yeah and in
those few hours I could be editing and
I'm not editing because I'm transcoding
so I was looking up I was looking into a
system it's a piece of tech that can
record up to three cameras
shit go it's a piece of tech that can
record up to three cameras
simultaneously onto a solid state hard
drive including audio so it would only
take as long as it would take to
transfer over to my computer and save a
bunch of time the problem is that it
would take about thirty five hundred
dollars for us to get this piece of
technology so it's probably now well ok
ok
probably not because I mean like the the
tech itself is like three thousand
dollars and then it would take an
additional like five hundred dollars in
adaptors and cables to get our specific
cameras to be able to hook up with it so
it's it's it's unfeasible for us but I
was like wow what a neat thing what a
neat little piece of tech this little
it's like a it's like a recorder slash
extra monitor that can have up to four
cameras hooked up to it and you get
little scopes and so you could have it's
basically an entire production studio
all in something the size of like an
iPad that you can plug solid-state hard
drives into so it's really neat it's
just a neat piece of tech that we will
never ever need that sort was pointless
No well yeah yeah it was pointless and
yeah
various Kirk says with my Canon DSLR I
can record directly to any laptop nearby
can't you do that with the Panasonic's
yes my Panasonic the gh 5 which I which
is my main camera has an HDMI out and so
if I wanted to you can you can buy HDMI
to you know lightning adapters or
whatever and just record into your PC
mm-hmm that's not the issue the issue is
I have three cameras for when we shoot
previously recorded and so then I would
need three adapters and
computers to record all three cameras or
or this one piece of laptop tech yeah if
I was just if we were just recording
with one camera we could plug we could
do it exactly like how I record gameplay
footage or how we live stream we could
just plug it into our al gato and record
that way nice and easy but we have three
cameras to worry about so the the
question is how do I record all this
footage simultaneously without having
three full computers and three capture
cards and the answer is $3,500
but you know it's it's okay I got a
camera
almost some zoo says rich I generally
agree with your stance on piracy
yesterday I was dealing a game my own
and it occurred to me but as I seated
I'm essentially being an accomplice to
others who may not own it thoughts well
so she doesn't downloading it you can
stop seating it once you get yours screw
everybody else
sure sure we're talking about piracy
yeah well we already have some suit
under our suit right and so that now
you're not even being an honorable thief
Valiant bloodshot says part of me wishes
that legion was actually a harbinger
show not an expansion yeah felt like the
first two trades of harbinger with peter
stan check losing his mind not knowing
what was real or not our our one and
only valiant fan here gets it that's
what the harbinger was great Harvinder
is a show about people with psychic
abilities and for those who don't know
in the valiant universe harbinger is a
really great series of comic books and
yeah the the main character is kind of a
dickhead and uses his psychic powers to
be basically a grifter okay
you know he's it to like live in houses
for free and just get whatever he wants
for free cuz he's psychic and he can
control what other people think and feel
so he's just kind of a loner asshole who
who uses his psychic powers for his own
benefit and then gets rolled up into
something greater will he become the
hero it's a great great book harbinger
great book but yeah yeah a lot of Legion
there's a lot of Harbinger in Legion yes
joke Kitty double-o ones hey guys you
just go full bits I see lots of
streamers using a to read comments I'd
rather my money go to twitch instead of
PayPal anyway you can even do
text-to-speech I would never do that no
we would never ever do text-to-speech
you know why you you people all of you
people oh that's right that's right I
got my swimming shoes and there was a
whole swimming thing over here yes yes
you guys are all horrible
and so we would never ever do
text-to-speech
I would be okay going full bits if we
could find a way to archive the bit
donations so we can read them at our
best as we do with streamtip and there's
probably a way to do that I don't know
how anybody couldn't use this text to
speech could be comfortable having that
there but I'm what I'm sure it is
it's one of two situations one they
maybe they have some sort of mod filter
number two they're actually hoping that
someone or they're they're secretly
hoping that someone says something weird
so the people again so people can get an
attention or a laugh out of it and then
it's not them but oh my oh one of my
fans is being yeah was being cheeky foof
oh and then they get they get that sweet
attention
not to be cynical not to be cynical of
streamers but that's what I'm assuming
but also to be very cynical
yeah
interested the last starfighter reboot I
I know very little about it
probably not the worst movie to remake
but I know very little about it
the last starfighter leaving somebody
saying they're doing it oh good bad but
otherwise indifferent no I think I think
there's potential here I think there's
potential alas terrify to reboot
videogames very popular that's that's
classic sci-fi fantasy you're good at
video games you can save the galaxy
that's great no that's fine
what time is it Hey
at 8:30 okay at 8:30 we will start
infinity war spoiler talk rich tell Jack
I'll tweet at him later about recording
bits in the Twitter
beefcake you're too good to us but I
mean I'm in it I'm in it we can go full
full twitch which we might have to we
might be forced to go full twitch if if
it's true that stream tip is ending in
it very well might be I thought I read
that somewhere so we might have to go
full full bits
it's not necessarily a bad thing
oh my god it's a bad guy
you can't end this in a minute I'll do
it again oh he's in on it he's in on it
rich
yeah you down from being in there no I
couldn't
that was the mega bad guy the mega bad
guy I don't know if there was the mega
bit I think it's a bad guy so you have a
half hour more of non-spoiler Avengers
infinity war talk and then rich and I
will discuss it I don't think there's
gonna be a lot to discuss they said
pretty much most of what I had to say
during the review exactly so it's not
like we're gonna have oh my god anything
lingering left over it needs to be
discussed right good but we'll talk
about it you know busy busy busy bomb
one set what I spoiled now you know
Peter Dinklage's in the movie you gonna
read that on a poster somewhere I'm
sorry
well you did well
no you didn't you barely even said what
Peter Dinklage did in the movie he was
good he's good
but no people knew he was in the movie
didn't know why or water who
mr. Blitzer no sirs for port HDMI
capture card at nine hundred bucks ain't
cheap
but even it coupled with a whole new PC
would be cheaper than that three thirty
five hundred dollars sucker a four port
what kept you've heard
whoa look into that don't don't X out of
that okay that's good to know thank you
because that would make you know that
would take like I said that would take
hours out off of the editing process of
just like being able to have that
footage ready to go boom would you do
something there's there's nothing to be
done I'm sorry about what I don't know I
think about this this dream about this
dream no there's nothing to be done
nothing can be done
don't you kind of logic behind what gets
undone and what doesn't know whatever
whatever the gameplay deems undable
samvega says hey guys hey here's a tip
thanks for the laughs throughout the
years also have you checked out the demo
for the game knuckle sandwich I think
Jack would like it maybe even rich
knuckle sandwich I have not I don't even
know is this a Sonic the Hedgehog thing
definitely a sonic the hedge like
cooking mama but what knuckles tenderize
the beef I love it
I love it and most of the actions you
can take them just tenderizing fact all
of them all maybe maybe there's a you
punch so fast that you create heat and
you can cook stuff what's it called
knuckle what knuckle sandwich power
tweeted at me tweeted at me we won't
remember magical trevor 37 says jack i'm
jack
rich you're rich what is the foreseeable
future of prereq do either of you have
ideas of how it will develop will it
stay in the current heading i love the
consistency over the years
keep it up France as the last string is
it so so it's all just ending tonight we
hope you like it hope you like it this
is it I've decided to become a monk a
monk a monk and to go into the
wilderness or the mountains a monster in
the mountains right are the monks in the
mountain no monks are yeah they're on
the mountain okay you're right you're
right you're absolutely right mom
ah well congratulations rich I didn't
know I do going to discover some sort of
spirituality or no you just want to be
left alone losing my hair so I figured
just what's left what's left for you
glad for that besides monk whoa
Harris much
wait a minute
got the seventh coin boom
yes what happened I got the seventh coin
now I can go to the shoe factory and get
some new sneakers
I bought the fast shoes we owe it am i
going faster oh my if I hold in one
direction now I can go slightly faster
that was that was kind of what did you
expect oh shit well no but I have a
faster way to get here now dang it we I
don't you know what I'll be honest with
you I don't really know
I don't know what I expected anything or
anyone longer this game possibly
weighted down the other side
finally someone some help shut down the
other side of the factory what is your
goal in this I don't know I just I just
don't know it's solved whatever puzzle I
can is in front of me I've seen the same
guy in different worlds and he talks
about the curse and about how it's never
been this bad anymore and now there's a
bad guy who's polluting the water who
says that he'll just do it again in
another minute so he must also know
about the curse but I feel like I'm
getting close to an end here I know
there's a new way there's a new way
look how fast I am
all right on it
how do I shut it down
you I did
she was shit man
doing
that's right Chet I have seen Galaxy
Quest and it's fine movie galaxy Chris
yeah oh yeah it's funny okay I know what
I have to do I know what I have to do
how'd you feel about Galaxy Quest they
actually got the cast like Star Trek The
Next Generation different that would be
very different would it be better would
it be worse it might be worse it might
be it might be worse because the way
that that a Tim Allen and Sigourney
Weaver were playing it was was a little
tongue-in-cheek and
and so I just I just like the way they
played it
No
more original series parody hi yes and
no also the original series Pass was a
bit too old by that point you know I I
guess here here's my here's my slight
dig is I just don't know if the original
if the cast of TNG could pull it off
ma'am Sigourney I said corny Weaver Alan
later bitter sure I mean Tim Allen he
knows Tim Allen but there I'm not saying
this is definitely it would make the
movie better I'm just saying I'd be
curious to see this hmm no I think I
think you have some major talent I think
you have some major talent in that cast
that can really pull it off
I see
are you saying that Tim Ellen has more
acting chops than Patrick Stewart
no I'm saying Sigourney Weaver I'm
saying Sigourney Weaver is a better
actress than Marina Sirtis I wouldn't be
Marina she would be gates mcfadden and
you know what's still better than gates
yeah absolutely that's what I'm saying
better than gates
here we go
praise the
maybe dammit
alright the gates hate is real I
wouldn't say hate but I never I never
did like Beverly Crusher I know you
didn't like her and it's just as an
actress I mean literally anyone except
for Patrick Stewart right put down the
verb Burton yes yes Wow sorry sorry not
sorry I'm not saying the he didn't do an
admirable job
pressure is so much better than Pulaski
oh she's so much hotter than Pulaski I
don't think she's a better character
though but this is a cruel thing to say
about gates mcfadden but I can never buy
her as intelligent that's very clear
it's very cruel that is very cruel
I could buy Pulaski as intelligent yeah
that's that woman's a doctor okay gates
McFadden that woman belongs at a soap
opera how doctors where is that
construction site
dang it
Pulaski is a doctor named Leonard McCoy
still a better character still a better
character than gates absolutely gotta
find
abso friggin movin
faster way
where are you near the hotel huh people
assume you are smart rich because how
unattractive you are look look for one
edge McFadden not that attractive and
has nothing to do with why I can't buy
her a smart
it's her acting that either of those let
any of the ladies of Star Trek their
looks have very little to do with their
acting and I agree it's it's the breathy
way she played the doctor well maybe we
could add 10 cc's of courtesan a subtle
agreed seven of nine I could buy as
intelligent also attractive seven of
them absolutely yeah but when when she
when she was like ray trailing off facts
you believed it yes when Beverly Crusher
tried to talk about doctoring I didn't
buy it
when she talked about doctoring you know
when she was being all doctor fancy
sometimes marina searches gave good
performances for example that Romulan
faceswap
episode was fucking awesome I have never
said anything bad about Troy or Marina
Sirtis I did you did I don't think Mike
likes are much I'm fine with Troy I got
nothing against Troy what and who and
specifically what I said was that
Sigourney Weaver was a better actress
than Marina Sirtis which I don't think
is not much arguing with that that's not
a stretch you know like I wasn't even
being necessarily super mean to marina
in in this instance I don't know if I
care for her who was the hottest person
in all the trek that's that's not why I
watched Trek it's typically not
something I'm thinking about no no but
the answer is Jadzia Dax giving it a
thought it's Jadzia Dax who did uh the
one from deep space 9 which you never
watch much of she had the spots yeah it
was like the science officer on that
show that's that you got a tight man her
and Jennifer Connelly right yeah
I never said he didn't have it tight oh
I know I just think that's funny on
another attractive woman who I
completely buy as being intelligent
Jennifer Connelly uh no Jennifer
Jennifer I don't think I've ever seen
Jennifer Connelly play a scientist
though then I gotta think
what I see what I have to do as jennifer
connelly ever played anyone super-smart
chat is a question for chat here
shit
oh how clever this game is kind of
clever
they're trucker
casting it nowhere I want you to go here
we go
I got the bar get it get what out Anka
Jadzia is more like a feminist and
transgender I suppose icon the science
aspect of her character is hugely
marginalized are you actually saying
that the scientists character the
science officer that the science aspect
was marginalized I totally disagree
I totally disagree with that statement
person in chat whose name I did not read
what sports is going back up go and put
an end to this why did I read that come
because of a strange man and silly shit
I just got the mega sword what does that
do I just I just don't know
you can't kill him barreling up
how about this does that do anything
nope okay and stop one of the sword
rings okay okay oh god it's just the
final boss apparently oh oh you start
right here oh that's nice that's gonna
be chat chat it might be over it might
it might be over if I can figure out how
grab touch the storage can you get them
to fly at him oh really
but they seem to be
and think the swords are the real help
think
so does he just manufacture her swords I
think I don't know about that
how do I do it
okay I'm gonna get the one stuck in the
in the ground all right all right we
figured it out we're gonna die again but
then we're figuring out and so yeah now
I started at the second level Oh
well it is nice oh yeah I know it is
nice what I'm saying what I say in my
head I said well so so I could say well
they don't want to be cool
okay
settle down
fuck you
nope nope nope nope okay oh look you
even start with with the ones who've
taken out their being there being extra
generous I think to judge you maybe a
little difference obviously this is
pretty difficult it's it's not a game
that's built around it's smooth
functional in combat combat in this game
is a little difficult to say the least
so we're gonna allow it because it is
just it's tough stabbed in the face that
was the right that was the correct
I I did for some reason that didn't
occur to me just stabbing him in the
face alright supposed to stab people in
the face
you did a jacket did it oh and I died
isn't a permanent game over because your
story's gone
oh no here oh that would have been great
with all these swords around the whole
plot device is the sword brings you back
to life right broke the sword I call
shenanigans as you should I think though
we're kind of so are you know cursed to
just forever come back to life no matter
what maybe and you do know that is a
curse right what just coming back to
life no matter what no matter what
because someday you're gonna be very old
you'd be very old and unable to die you
can be very old and unable to die and
then you it's not like you'll stay young
no no still age you every time you die
of old age just come back to die of old
age again immediately after oh god that
would be horrible an infinity of just
dying
what do I do now why do I do now their
door down there what happens we go right
there's a bathroom and then swords oh
you didn't think to try that I tried it
on my way in anything okay minute
hundred sixteen runs that doesn't sound
bad no it's not bad I didn't collect
everything but I'll take it I'll take it
Bart van says trippin cuz I need answers
okay the spring-cleaning stream why
didn't check play the ultimate spring
cleaning game Super Mario Sunshine
that was a good that's a great idea goof
that's a great idea
awesome Mario Sunshine stream in the
future makes you hacks absolutely that
would rule out absolutely I have it I
have a Gamecube I love Super Mario
Sunshine I think it's a really
underrated game huh yeah not a sense
I literally just finished watching
gorilla interrupted me for the first
time I thought it had a lot of funny
moments and a mostly comprehensible -
what are your thoughts on it all these
years later and I'm also just remember
making it if you if you own it you watch
the documentary oh my god I was gonna
say the the best reason to buy gorilla
interrupted is for the how do you say
that compendium documentary the making
of the how not to make a movie
documentary which is a wonderful piece
and we wanted that to be really good
because we know the movie was crap we
made we were kids and we know that ya
know how not to make a movie is is
something it's a
oh that's that's something real special
that's something that's a full reason to
buy gorilla interrupts don't even watch
gorilla interrupting
I just wanted time not to make a movie
unlocked second run so what's the plan
something else all right turn this off
and something else let's take a little
break I'm gonna go to the bathroom and
we're gonna play something else rich
okay okay I got hey I got I got my
arty-farty
out of my system