Large and (not) in Charge (pt.1)
May 20, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zskWI5MjpmY

there so we can see thank you Oh hold on
oh no no okay hey everybody welcome to
this dream how's everyone doing do it so
I hear there's a new Thundercats cartoon
this dream was all in it so so by the
way like I was on the phone I wasn't
super paying attention to what rich was
doing and so all the sudden all sudden
rich starts googling new Thundercats I
was like oh there's a new that was
talking about it okay
I'm set from my perspective which is I
look into new Thundercats alright sure
I'm glad I'm not a Thundercats fed and
you know like to me and I'm I've never
been a Thundercats like I don't care
about the Thundercats and so I see that
and I was like oh that looks like I show
my kids a love that looks like I show
that like seems fun and for the kids and
then an enriched starts laughing and
says oh man
hey everyone everyone hates it and I was
like oh the old men hate it it's fine
it's gonna be fine Jack do you remember
when Toon Link was first revealed I do
do you remember the response to that I
do remember the response to that you
remember how that game turned out to be
a goddamn masterpiece what's the best in
the series yes
yeah of what are you saying is people
are whiny short-sighted idiots is that
what you're saying they can't they're
not necessarily wrong the new show might
sorry of course a good suck the new
shows not the thing they grew up with
and they're just gonna have to deal with
that but it might be a fine thing on its
own it could be for its intended
audience which is not you which is you
know children the children's cartoon
might be really fun for children yes I
really think this opening is classy as
fuck yeah
music the history of humanity oh yeah
space this seems like the opening to it
like a quality show you know yeah yeah
this is neat I really like the art style
too I dig this like it almost reminds me
a little bit of that like hand-painted
dishonored look yeah just a little bit I
like it and I dig it
I'm just curious what year this game
takes place in specifically what did
they say it's like 24 something
something that'll text a thing that's
had arrows oh okay
and it's gonna suck if this game takes
place right around thirty fifty because
that's when the battle tech universe
gets invaded by invaded by the warrior
culture honor glory honor and they just
they just kind of shit all over the
fucking lore of the universe gotcha
fight honor fight and it's gonna I'm
gonna really hate it if I have to deal
with those nincompoops sure the warrior
named Kamal warrior honour battle for
glory have honor duel according to uncle
edit war a war duel according to Uncle
Coolio it's thirty 25 okay that's
probably far enough away I'm not gonna
have to worry about it and unless the
campaigns happen over the next twenty
five years you're fine you'll be shocked
by how much time goes by in this game
how quickly oh yeah I've just played a
little bit so far I takes it takes weeks
to get from one star system to the other
oh sure that in real time and in game
time yeah I'm with you I am I have some
clouds sinkage sure no I don't that's
why I just started just getting things
going okay alright so just start anyone
okay cool
where he's gonna start a brand new
campaign brand new campaign that's great
doo-doo-doo-doo
so anyway if you need to said you know
if new Thundercats wasn't meant for
nostalgia then they wouldn't have called
it Thundercats yeah I mean listen I get
it I get what you're saying I I can't be
with you on this fight though because
I've never cared about the Thundercats
and so I I know you want me to be with
you and to be indignant with you but
Thundercats were before my time and I
just I don't have it in me to care I
don't care about Thundercats I don't
care about GI Joe and I don't care about
the Transformers never have ya Joe
either huh no no no no special love for
any of those series what was it with you
growing up then like I for me Saturday
morning cartoons with it was like mid
90s toys huh
toys Ninja Turtles okay stuff so Ninja
Turtles a lot of kind of generic you
know and we just didn't have a lot of
toys growing up JJ was fairly long lived
oh sure I like I remember the show
vaguely but now you know we had we had
GI Joe we had some like x-men figures
yeah and and we had a we had and then we
had the the cornfield outside and that
was our toy
goes yeah we you know what we did have
some Ghostbusters toys okay okay like
proton packs fake proton packs isotonic
GI Joes oh yeah a metric ton of them
it's a ninja turtles - well we probably
had some transformers but I didn't care
like I like people want us or in general
they want someone on their side who's
like really indignance I guess this new
Thundercats ruins the thing I once loved
and I just like I can't be there with
you exactly so yeah so I'm sorry yeah
the most boring fuckers lion-o is the
most boring fucker ever only generic
utterly unbelievably oh I'm good going
Thundercats ho like them Thundercats oh
I can't do that I can't do the Frank
Welker style Oh hero voice
generic hero man yes mum Roe the
everliving all of the Thundercats
villains were far more likeable and
interesting than any of the protagonists
and I think when you're talking about a
children's action-adventure show it's a
problem when you're rooting for the
villains it's not that you they say bump
up up up they say okay it's not that you
don't care about Thundercats it's that
you immediately see it and say it's
something my kids would like because the
art style looks like this stuff that my
kids watch can you hear me now mama mama
and like like what are they were they
watch like the the unikitty and the
Steven universe and the what is it
called which knows an awful lot about
Thundercats my brother loved them Mika's
find out great because it's an exact
copy yes popular things spawned more
similar things it looks it looks cute
now it looks cute we don't know anything
yet it's a cute art style
you know uncle your uncle grandpa's
you're not the regular show what's the
one you don't know I'm asking the Chad
character crater yeah I'm asking a chat
what's the one that's like part 3d
animation part two t-cell drawing by the
way this shit yeah this here you mean
you pick your background yeah
that affects optional dialogue options
oh really yeah yeah I by the way I kind
of like this cuz they give you a nice
little summary a lot a lot to choose
from
gumball thank you the amazing world of
gumball they watch that a lot all the
time so just be from the back water from
the back water I like that like that
gumball yeah drench it all that like
it's like all that so I family was
betrayed and I got revenge that's what
you're going okay cuz that's that shit's
exciting Jack sure I went more lone wolf
my family was killed in an accident and
and like now I'm just find him a place
like I'm just lost in the universe but I
got this robot man wait
well the getting the the Vengeance thing
I mean your family is dead however you
slice it so I'm still alone wolf Jack I
just got to kick ass first
yeah yeah no no I'm going from I'm going
from a place of self-discovery which I'm
not I have no particular purpose
just me my robot but I'd like the
gunnery stab but I don't know I don't
want to be a gladiator or a soldier sure
and yes II to go if you go freelancer
that's what look doing right along with
my theme that's what I chose is like you
know oh yeah lone wolf and I'm just
drifting man just me and my me and my
robot
I want that gunnery step then take it
yeah freelancer
sorry blob you on I can't even pretend
to be with you on this one you you're on
your own
you're on your own I think I'm still in
the minority that I like Teen Titans go
because I think it's cute they don't do
anything like the fighting is just a
funny show a lot of fart jokes yeah I'm
really excited for the movie they're
making a feature-length Teen Titans go
movie yeah more fart jokes it gets all
meta the movie is about Robin wanting
his own movie as a sidekick okay it's
gonna be cute and funny it's gonna be
great
some people hate that show people do you
know why okay
oh it's fart jokes jokes why bother the
children love it why bother having them
be superheroes you gotta do something
with it it's just out of out of
necessity you know what it's fine for
this I don't think so it's cool it's
fine it's a better expression let's face
it up to dopey I think most of the
expressions are pretty dopey alright
that's fine
it looks like his mouth is slightly open
and that's why it looks dopey it's not
slightly open but we can't hear you what
it's Bob Bob we need a new cordon for
that Mike that's what it's looking like
but not right now I just won't you're
gonna I promised not to touch it
anything that's happened twice in the
first 20 minutes of the stream it's
because I've been fiddling with it I've
been very right fidgety and I promise
not to touch it anymore as soon as it's
working there's no reason to be
proactive everybody just wait so the
problem gets progressively worse dice
y'all be dice nice no no that's your oh
is that your nickname that's the
nickname
yeah okay I thought that might have been
like your Mitchell Russell I doesn't
have a great ring to it Russell no
Russell's not a good name I like Noah he
looks like a Noah Conrad with a K I went
past him I'm too lazy to actually type
it yeah but I want some
Isaac Oh Isaac yeah get a good last name
with Isaac he could be a good Isaac you
know like Russell no I don't like
Russell Louis Isaac Toro Russell was
fine
oh you're gone now music Isaac Burnett
yeah you know what it's fine it's kinda
that's got a bit of a ring to it no this
sounds like it sounds like a 1970s
comedian who had a very nice variety
show the Isaac Burnett our tonight's
guests include the pointer sisters Jack
Hanna and his amazing and Boyd is fine
I'm done fucking with it yeah
here's a chap named that's too late
mr. dice okay what do we I I took heads
up everyone I took the laptop um the the
incredibly slow laptop so I could
factory reset it yep which I did do and
it is now running perfectly adequately
the only problem of course is I left it
at home
yeah and so I'm gonna be reading tips
off of my phone oh my god so we took it
took the old laptop well that was the
laptop yeah laptop oh you didn't you
didn't get a new one we just you mess
around
yeah well I wanted to see if I could
salvage it before investing in a new one
because we already here right we already
have our next big investment which is
another computer so rich you are a
monster why rich you're a monster what
did I do
I don't know where I do what you do
I don't know it's fine I'm gonna say
it's fine okay great
Shawn Simona's says on the the very
important topic Shaun of the Thundercats
remake it's like The Rocketeer cartoon
Disney is putting out seasons putting
out a rocket to your cartoon I know very
little about this I love the original
Rockets here and the new show is clearly
aimed at a much much younger kids
instead of getting mad I just look
forward to all the new fans well that's
a lovely sentiment you know some kids
might watch the the the silly
Thundercats show and look into the
Thundercats may read some comic books
yeah read some read some Freddie
Williams the third good old Freddie
Williams Jack stop looking at your phone
I have to read the tips from my phone
because I forgot the laptop so that's
what I'm looking at my phone so you
haven't gotten very far of this you
basically just so it's so like there
there's the tutorial mission which you
are doing right now yeah which is just
here's how all the basic controls work
and then there's like the first mission
mission that's where you're at
yeah like the rescue that or you know
walk the princess to the bank yeah yeah
I'm in that one oh oh okay okay I forgot
this is two parts okay I was thinking
you're at the one after that but yeah
okay yeah so so I'm not very far in VI
I maybe have like an hour and a half all
right so right children I'm gonna do it
we had a rather busy weekend which I
will get to talking about for all the
people who have been rapidly following
my D&D; adventures I've been posting some
updates on Twitter yeah so it got a
little nuts with the Dean being over the
weekend is what else is what I'll say
for now we'll get there we'll get there
and then also you know Hyrule warriors
is out nasan they had to hand to get
some time in hacking and slashing you
don't want to talk about this game jack
you know no I don't have to I do I think
it's here rich I love giant robots yeah
here's something that bothers me right
away okay and this is this is let me
guess they're tiny robots on the screen
no no that's that's a bother me is that
they don't have arms
though do they no yeah oh yeah the robot
you start with doesn't have arms and I
think it's really weird looking some of
them have arms some of them don't
yeah some of them have like chicken leg
things but just rocket launchers on
their shoulders robots okay great chat
by the way and I don't know if this is
now just you guys making fun of people
make in front of me but I don't have the
laptop so I'm reading the chat on my
phone and I'm reading tips on my phone
which is why I keep looking at my phone
by the way you know the armless robot
doesn't make far more sense what fucking
an arm for just just for aesthetics
purely aesthetics I just think it's
weird that it's al its legs and cannons
it just looks weird it's this this grim
gritty depressing universe they've
invented but they have these comical
robots with arms is the primary form of
warfare right I like the universe but it
doesn't make any fucking sense no it's a
silly you know it's a silly place
I'm playing this on GOG and I can't tell
you that there's differences between
this on Steam because I haven't played
this on Steam so far this looks I I
bought on Steam okay for no particular
reason I just happen to have steam open
when I was thinking about buying the
games and I bought it on Steam and so
far it looks fairly identical the
gameplay wise I would assume I mean I
presume I have no idea right I mean be
silly if it were different right is this
supposed to be like X comma Y and then
it's turn-based is turn-based there's
lays out a little bit differently it's
kind of grid-based movement covers a
little dit works a little different it
was not really yeah kind of that's what
I'm saying it's different but it's
turn-based grid-based movement I didn't
know in the short while I played I
didn't necessarily notice a good if
flanking was was a big deal in this do
you know oh um let's so the side more so
behind okay armor is typically much
weaker from behind okay
so far rich out like how much time you
got into it not that much I've done the
first story mission after you get
through all this tutorial sure okay
there's other oceans in between you can
do okay okay you I guess you know any of
this you basically a good chunk of this
game is running a business
oh you're a mercenary and you're in
charge of hiring people and buying
supplies I was not expecting that let's
go let's go to the system there and see
if there's anyone offering work okay
that's the bulk of the game interest
yeah okay that could be neat the the
question is that chat is asking is
whether or not this scratches that XCOM
itch I guess I mean you know I mean it's
a different game I think I like XCOM
better hmm
all right I think I like the XCOM combat
better yeah but I think all said and
done I'm gonna like you know XM has the
base management I'm gonna like the
mercenary business more okay I like the
ex-con base management sure I'm with you
I'm almost sure I haven't gotten that
deep into it yet though right right a
while to go before you can make a real
decision
this would be a great one
what what I'm really looking forward to
is the the steam link app for for like
iPad and iPhone comes out soon so this
will be the perfect game for that like
this or X come to play through your
phone you know like your computer's run
into humming in the corner but now I can
you know you might need it zoomed in to
really work I can't move I don't know I
don't know I just I want a game to test
that out when it finally comes to iPhone
unfortunately this game was poorly
optimized I I will say one thing I've
noticed so far is these loading screens
do seem to take a long time it I get out
of here
it definitely reminded me of like before
blood-borne got its first big patch and
there's just that like absurdly long
load time jack is obsessed with playing
on the crapper I just like to have
options
I just want honest truth I want I want
you know like you know I'm playing the
game I but oh I want to go to the
bathroom but I'm really into playing it
I can take it with me so I like the
options
and every door while cover just
neighbors plot against us look at that
we got a tarts down that's nice that's
cool-looking yeah you know that that's
got some person now and I dig that I dig
that he just wants the game while hiding
who his family in the bathroom is that
it jack
you only get as the appeal of playing in
the bathroom and you get your private
time in there
no no no because you usually there's
still knocking at the door no usually
I'm the only one home okay usually I'm
the only one home when when I when I
take care of business if you know what I
mean so you only shit when everyone else
is gone I mean because because of my my
particular diet I am an exceedingly
regular person okay okay and and it just
so happens to be you know the kids are
at school lease is usually out at work
and so it's like I got the house and you
know what I prefer it that way
preferred so no it's not about it's not
about running away from the family but
you know like another option is like oh
you know want to hang out in bed for a
little bit you know do a little bit some
before I fall asleep and maybe I could
you know turn it on play a little play a
couple rounds play a couple rounds
I'm a shy pooper you know not necess
- have someone you know listening you
just don't want someone who listening
that's weird
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do where are
we we are at MC Lukas MC Lukas who says
hey guys just finished my first PC build
today I watched your building stream
again in preparation and Jack's anxiety
helped ease my own everything works
great time to brush up on my Dark Souls
before the remaster comes out
thanks for the streams it was more than
a decade ago at this point but when I
built my first yeah I I started small I
put something together dirt cheap oh
sure I integrated motherboard like you
didn't have to worry about a graphics
card or sound they're just cheap
integrated sound board and I slap some
shit on it yeah yeah I got a feel for it
yeah and then if you fried everything
like you didn't lose too much money
oh sure and it you know what it it is
very nerve-wracking cuz like these are
they're very expensive things that you
have to stick together but like for
anyone who's thinking about building
their own PC something you learn is
there sturdy enough to take some
manhandling the pieces don't crumble
under your fingers things are typically
designed to only go where they're
supposed to go yeah typically but you
know like that's the the big the big
stressful moment is like okay I know I'm
supposed to apply some pressure I know
there's supposed to be some resistance
but how much is too much you know yeah
but I can't tell you how accomplished I
feel building my own
yes and you know I don't know if that's
something I ever would have done if it
weren't for you if it weren't for you in
the stream where it's just like that's
nothing I don't I don't think I'd ever
even consider that like I just yeah I've
got a computer store they'll make it for
me what's a computer store doing oh sure
if something goes wrong you're not
afraid to dig around and there he
already built the fucker that's right
I'm yeah and it is it has helped me in
in IT and tech support and cases no I'm
not afraid to open up a computer anymore
I'm dig in there I can I chords they go
where they're supposed to go it's great
it's super great
that's exactly what I feel about car
doors do you build cars so I said you're
looking for some got a point on well
okay so once we get into yeah we're
about to spoiler alert we're about to
get into our first combat situation here
and there's a couple things that I don't
necessarily understand yet but I'm not
very far so I'm sure I I don't even know
yet probably a lot of them okay so like
right now on your lower right hand
corner those are all the weapons you can
find and in certain situations you can
uncheck them yeah or in all situations
in all combat situations so if you if
you just wanted to fire your lasers you
could uncheck everything else and fire
your lasers yeah and every weapon has a
little overheat meter and so I thought
by unchecking them they wouldn't
overheat but the numbers still seem to
be going up well you're gonna generate
some heat from anything you fire right
and so I also haven't figured out how to
cool myself down yet
just don't do anything so you guard I
think I think if you just guard don't do
anything you're he'd go down naturally
then I haven't really tested this but I
think you know when I asked you to do
reserve yeah I think that might super
bring it down okay but I haven't I have
not tested that okay great great yeah
there's a few nuances to the combat that
I don't super understand yet but so far
I'm enjoying the system obviously like
it's like X comms but you have a bazooka
and lasers and you know missile
launchers for everything so it's nice
neat though I do wish I was in this
situation I was in this very situation
you're in right now and I had knocked
over one of the mechs so I positioned
all three of my mechs to stand right
next to him and we kicked him while he
was down and it didn't kill him
and I was like guy he's down and I'm
kicking him while he's down like I kill
him doesn't do that it doesn't just kick
him while they're down exactly
we don't you don't know about you know
about scrap him
no know about scrap I don't know about
nothing yet you can negotiate your
contract and like you you like you're
part of the business you negotiate the
contract but you have that since I never
would have thought that that would
happen in this game I thought this was
gonna be all robot back I had I had one
contract that had a decent amount of
scrap okay
like after the battle I got to pick and
choose so many things that I could just
keep yeah and just during that battle I
happened to get a really lucky headshot
in okay I got like all those perfectly
intact back just a scrap no yeah I was
sweet I'm looking forward to this i
sweet it's like I one shot at a fucking
Shadowhawk I I was a little worried my
first time figure was like oh you know
these robot fights are fun but it is
this whole thing just going to be
customizing robots and building a team
like that so I'm excited to know that
there's more to the game jacks mechs
fight dirty beefcake absolutely I'll
sneak up on someone I want to win the
battle I'm gonna win the battle oh
that's right rich yeah I don't know if
I've even had a chance to tell you yet
on our on our previously recorded
YouTube channel yeah
we have passed 100,000 that is neat we
made it and I listen I'm not too proud
to admit that it was biscuit that put us
over those numbers
it was the addition it was just the cat
and finally finally tipped us over but
it was this exciting exciting to see
YouTube sent us a little message yeah
because once you hit a hundred thousand
subscribers you can you can get a little
silver framed play button and so they
sent us a message saying hey we saw you
passed a milestone so we saw you passed
a milestone and we need to do about a
week's worth of research to make sure
you are a legitimate YouTube channel and
didn't
like by subscribers and receive them
like overnights and blah blah but but so
they're gonna look into it to see if we
are worthy rich of a silver play button
shit but frankly I'm pretty excited
about that's not a clear line of sight I
can only argh fire with a 40 chance yeah
shit POV was weird I thought it was a
straight line oh okay okay
so now for that one should you have
unchecked all of you oh well you hit
that's nice yeah well could only fire it
could only hit with the one and only
fired with the one is that dinner
automatically oh okay okay that was
another question it's like what you have
to autumn-like
uncheck or check or whatever yeah yeah I
almost wish they'd go back on cuz I
forget I forgot I uncheck things sure
and I'll fire it so Nick why don't I
only fire one weapon oh shit
who will keep it now I'll put it up here
in the streaming room put it up on a
wall I got all kinds of crappy
line-of-sight yeah alright is what it is
they'll be fine are you fine
everything's fine
I are Miller welcome welcome to battle
tech welcome to the stream
undead penguin no I don't know who that
person is to the point where I'm afraid
to say the name out loud but I don't
know I'm sorry there's no there's a ton
of people on YouTube and everywhere that
I know I okay okay well I'll start
talking about my D&D; game I know
everyone's really excited about the D&D;
game I'm really excited about the DV
game rich just clay-rich got so excited
to hear about D&D; he clicked out of
MechWarrior reach I want to show you
something I think is you have to click
on you first
I already did oh you may be too close
a cave troll came into my dungeon yeah
and that's what I used okay for example
I use a ninja turtle for a cave troll
because okay so D&D; was was a smash
success with the family they had a they
had a great time it actually is my
dungeon took a little bit longer than I
was expecting
I I was hoping I built it small enough
that we could get through everything in
about two hours based on what some
Internet videos that I saw and like say
Oh for every encounter it's gonna take X
amount of time right Borg are us yes the
fifth edition D&D; and it took us in
total it took us five hours to get
through everything we did three hours
one night and then two extra hours the
next morning you finish the campaign
though they finished my campaign yes how
did your children do they they did all
right like they got the rules right away
and we're blowing my dungeon master mind
with the stuff that they wanted to do
really like for example so they didn't
just run in and try to hit everything
with a thorn they they did a little bit
but like I I intentionally kind of
slowed them down with some puzzle II
areas and I kind of hinted that they
should use other abilities and then they
found some treasure using other
abilities so then they started like
using abilities and really thinking
outside the box which was great like for
example they were they were in a fight
with some orcs and they were winning the
fight because obviously I made all the
encounters rather easy because it was
everybody's first time playing yeah to
the point where there was only one orc
left and what I decided as the DM is
that orc knew that the battle was lost
and was going to run away
and so I started you know using the orcs
speed points to make it run away instead
of fighting and people were chasing him
and the orc got all the way out of the
we're stuck here what do you do WASD
here okay so the orc the orc got away
and everybody kind of thought that that
was the end of it so later what I
decided was after so many things
happened that orc was going to come back
with some reinforcements and he brought
a cave troll with so I quit grabs a
ninja turtle out of our toy chest to be
the cave troll because they were all
Legos and so I was like yeah it's
perfect you know they were there Legos
were this big the cave Rose was perfect
right purpose and so you know my thought
was oh this will just be night like a
nice boss battle like a cave troll yeah
but what my kids decided to do was they
they said can I jump on the cave troll
and I said well what do you want to do
and they said I want to jump on it and
steer it because they watched me play
God of War so so immediately I was like
oh yeah role dexterity role strength and
you know they had to roll dexterity
every turn to make sure they were
hanging onto the trail right and then
they literally used the troll to beat up
the other bad guys and then we're riding
him around the dungeon as much as I
could like they were just doing a
bonkers shit and I loved it and it was
it was great they were they were doing
things that I completely did not think
of I came up with a little pressure
plates puzzle to open a jack yeah how do
you feel about that video games
taking away that creativity from young
kids these days right right these games
nowadays they're they bring out the
worst to be fair they did have the troll
do something they saw in a video game
well but but but by the way that's why I
do I do
admit that I'm a cranky old man because
you can watch something you can play a
video game and get inspired yeah yeah
art inspires more arts I know I get it I
get it but I had this I'm an asshole
oh no it's fun jerk no I was funny
that's right it's so fun so I had one
treasure room that I had on a little
pressure plate puzzle where they had to
stand on specific pressure plates to
open the puzzle door but as soon as they
got off the pressure plates the puzzle
the puzzle room door would slam back
shut right yeah and so they had to find
something heavy to put on it I had this
whole puzzle thing worked out and then
my wife that sucks
oh my god you lost an arm knew so then
my wife decides like hey can I jump off
the pressure plate into the into the
room before the the gate closes and so
you know I decide how difficult that
will be in heaven roll some dice and she
makes it she rolls well enough to make
it into the room but then she's trapped
in the treasure room because you need
three people on the other side to open
the door so she got trapped in there for
like ten solid real-world minutes like
figuring out how to get out it was great
super great it was it was fantastic
thinking of puzzles and then watching my
players completely ignore them just just
like a game dev just like I do in games
and you they need to you need to have a
clear objective but it's Halle terror
art anyway I we had a great time oh my
god I'm just doing terribly she wasn't
she was in a spot where she had to go
all the way around to get over there she
couldn't come on man his first mission
mission I'm not getting my jump Jets
what do you mean something you get in
later missions so you can jump you have
little rocket boosters that's right and
dirty to get up on a roof during the the
tutorial they uh they said that we broke
our jumped yeah that's right yeah
jack is a master of the dungeons now I I
know enough
spoilers check what they weren't broke
sabotage not by Mastiff though he's
helping us know I hit know by someone
else I think I know by who I think I got
that fucker
Jack had more fun with one game and D&D;
than I had in like seven to be fair it
was my first experience with D and E so
uh you know I'm sure like years down the
line when I've been playing for a while
I'm gonna look back and be like oh man
what a dumb campaign
what a silly campaign but I had a great
time the kids had a great time my at my
ten year old then spent the entirety of
the next day writing his own dungeon
because now he wants to be the dumb to
know which is great like fine be the
dungeon master cuz now I want to play
like I want to be a character you know
I'm gonna be a I'm rollin a character
right now it's a half-orc monk I'm good
at kung fu but half for again loner I'm
feeling very low Nuri right now so
multipass next amount I can tell back in
the days no master would have allowed it
without crazy-ass dexterity throws your
lenient diem jack you decide if it's
going to be a compliment or an insult I
well you know I think I am I was with
his children oh no no that's I think
they were saying it's it's a end it was
all of our first time playing not just
with children everybody's first time
playing right so uh yeah I was I was
definitely being a little more lenient
and and really I was being lenient to
anything that I wasn't expecting like if
they did anything I wasn't expecting I
wanted that to happen to see where it
would go uh-huh like let's let's go down
this rabbit hole a little bit part of my
part of my story as I had a red herring
gem they the the perfect they were
treasure hunters and they were looking
for a specific Jama a bright green gem
yeah so I decided to have it I'd have a
red herring is like the gem on a very
big and ornate obvious altar with a
relatively simple door to get through
right but that would be a fake that
would be a phony there'd be other rooms
that they'd have to explore to find the
key to the right thing right and so they
found the rock and then they didn't
inspect it they just put it in their bag
right oh wow and then they left the
dungeon without completely exploring
every room to go back to their boss
because they found the jam and I was
like oh shit they I wanted them to look
at the rock to be and say like oh it
kind of looks like it's just a painted
rock this doesn't but they didn't they
ignored that and just went back to home
base Suzanne I think that all the way
back to home base they got all the way
back to home base and I had to be I had
to like then take on the voice of their
boss the person who sent them on the
treasure I think I was like this is a
painted rock what are you doing you
idiot
you called your your seven-year-old
child you know I didn't call them idiots
that's what I say now but you should
have had the djembe like cursed picked
it up and like it turn into a monster
well that was the the main story is the
gem that they were getting as soon as
they brought it outside the cave
it started the curse of the undead oh
yeah yeah and they were sent on the
mission to get it by the person who
wanted to start the rise of the oh my oh
yeah it's a whole story so like that was
my that was my lead-in into part 2 where
they have to fight the the army of the
undead
you know I cuz every story needs to end
on a an appropriate cliffhanger I feel
every single one forever and ever
right what happens when it gets canceled
D&D; can never be cancelled I own the
books rich that's not there's no DRM on
me and owning the books there will be
when it's slowly available on like the
App Store and your phone and sure well
but see actually right now all of the
base rules are available for free online
by Wizards of the coast like by the
people who write the books because they
want it they want people to get a little
hooked and then you know delve deeper
and deeper so you can get all of the
basic rules for free which i think is
really nice it's complicated as hell I
could start a whole movement and book
deal about parenting with D&D; no cuz
I'll just get a lot of Christian
backlash you're teaching my kids but
Satan
now to be fine no it's fun it's it's
good fun the kids like it the kids like
the kids love making shit up and and
more so like the expression that the
kids get when they finally figured it
out and it might not be their turn yet
but you can see their face go I know
what I'm gonna do I know what I'm gonna
do
ken can I push over that statue on top
of the orcs to smoosh them I roll the
dice man let's see if you can that's a
great idea right like their mind starts
to explode with the possibilities and
that is great that is super great about
D&D; don't forget about using some of
your dude's abilities to fire up
multiple targets at once not focus fire
man focus fire kill one then he's dead
yep yeah and once one time I got like a
sharp shot thing where I could I could
target is like this one what's the
called shot what is that I
how do you give that oh there's a it's
an ability yeah well when they're
knocked down you can do it oh maybe that
was it cuz like that I saw this little
map thing and you don't get to do this
you don't get this pic specifically
where you shoot all the time and I said
to myself do I really want to do that
right no one on the grounds almost dead
this guy's got a lot of firepower let's
see we could take out a locust
did a lot of damage yeah
always important to take out dudes as
fast as possible like to dinner today
you know I could get to know him a
little bit see if they're a good match I
don't know if dinner is the best place
though you know sometimes it's nice just
to go for a walk and just start talking
about shit I don't know I don't know
what classes are they playing with we
have one human druid this was a human
magic user nature magic user and I did
have to fudge that a little bit with
their character because that's my
ten-year-old and he really wanted to use
lightning power but technically the
druid didn't have lightning power but I
was like ants on magic it's fine he
really wanted to be a druid for some
reason and not like a regular wizard
with who can use the lightning power and
so yeah but of coria's D&D; make it up
it's all fudging it's all fudging then
we have a halfling rogue and and a half
orc barbarian so a pretty a well
balanced team I feel you know you got
the half-orc barbarian you can do a ton
of damage the Rogue is my is my
seven-year-old who all he wants to do is
hang back with shoot arrows at people
which is perfect for the room which
missed the secret what secret
I missed a secret you're not done with
the fight you was is there anything in
that house like can you destroy that
house because you can do that with it
yeah I have no good reason to destroy
that house so I haven't Oh
maybe after you're done with this fight
maybe just walk over there see if
anything happens there's lots of
structures elsewhere in the game oh okay
that's not unique to here gotcha
ed destroyed nice nice because your
fossil I'll never get I'll never get a
live stream of Jax D&D; yeah yeah I don't
know that all that'd take a little work
and we need more people we would
definitely definitely need some more
people to do a D&D; stream just because I
can't imagine you know just rich going
through my campaign would be very
entertaining but a Dean you know not out
of the question
just play all the roles ayats it's super
neither there were but there were a ton
of just wonderful little moments you
know where someone would get that
critical fail and you'd have to think of
an appropriate punishment for them you
know rolling a 1 and when that orc was
running away my my wife who was playing
the half-orc barbarian started chasing
them but she rolled like three ones in a
row and so I kept having her like drop
her weapons and so then she was like
okay I have like a javelin in my
backpack I'm gonna throw the javelin and
you know she rolled poorly and missed
all right I'm gonna throw my other
gentleman roll poorly I've won more dry
like she just kept on failing and
failing became like a little running gag
as this orc was leaving you know was
running away it was so beautiful and
then like I said like later I had that
orc come back with friends and an ogre
but originally in my final battle I had
a whole different enemy plan for the
battle but I was like oh no this will
fit better in the story so like I had to
quick rewrite some stuff and it's just I
I get it I totally get why people can be
fully engrossed in Dungeons & Dragons
it's all those little moments that
happen kind of sporadically for a knight
that really made it special so hopefully
it's something I do often
how lucky do I feel like that I have a
wife who I can do stuff like play D&D;
with it's it's great it's fantastic
if it was I think I do think the kids
had a lot of influence on that I just
think if if I said hey honey do you and
me want to play some D she my I mean she
might have but she might have been a
little less willing to dedicate two full
days to it and have me completely take
over our kitchen table like for three
days because I was not messing up my map
I had my map spread out the entirety of
the kitchen table and I think she would
have been more sour with that but no
it's it's fantastic but you know I talk
about this all the time Lisa's super
into board games and so she's down she
just wants to play it's great so they
only have it I'll say my target
little tank
Oh keep your an overheat alert rich and
it's fine okay Omega she'll get a
timeout so get it say you get a timeout
I got to teach them how to use combo
powers well listen I'm as we play we
will get deeper and deeper into all the
silly stuff you can do III something I
still don't quite understand is now how
we level them up because you're like
with every encounter you can assign
experience points and then your
characters can grow and gain new
abilities I still don't understand how
that works I got to watch like 20 more
YouTube videos before we can do that
because now my kids are just begging me
like we got it level up my characters
got to be more powerful now and it's
like I don't know how to do that yet so
there's a hope there's more there's way
more there's fucking so much to the game
just say fuck it your level to now right
can you do that I don't know like yeah
your level - you're a little bit
stronger and everything and figure it
out I don't know I think the DM can do
whatever the fuck they want oh I can but
I'm trying to stick to somewhat formal
rules so that you know as we grow were
we're growing correctly but Jeff what
channel are you looking at for tutorials
oh my god so many I'm watching so many
multiple I'm watching multiple you
something that I'm watching just to kind
of understand how game structure works
is the guys over at corridor digital
have a gaming second channel called node
n OD II and it's just a full playthrough
of one D&D; session you know multiple
hours broken up through video so I'm
watching that just to kind of understand
how a game works because I know the I
don't know them but I watch corridor
digital so I know the guys and so I'm
comfortable watching that I've been
watching
who was it I'll just go I'll just go
into my YouTube history which is 90%
YouTube videos Matthew Colville he has a
series on the first time you are a DM
which has been really helpful in he kind
of runs through like setting up an easy
campaign and why you're doing the things
you're doing so he's he's been really
great to watch just to get some DM tips
dungeon master tips what else do we got
here what else do we got here WS ad 20
is a is a channel that has a bunch of
simple D&D; rules I've been watching a
few of those pro Jarrod had had a whole
thing called Dee in December where like
all of his videos in December were we're
kind of explaining the core rules of D&D;
actually I want his video was really
helpful pro Jarrod had a really great
video on creating your character and all
of the math involved in creating a
character so
that that really helped Ryan Bayes I'm
telling you I've become this is it has
been an obsession with mine for a while
Ryan Bayes had a really great if you're
a dungeon master how to handle all the
combat numbers so oh so fucking many and
still watching all of those videos I
feel like I just barely understand
everything I'm talking about hours
I've watched but it's been it's all been
very helpful all of those videos have
been incredibly helpful because they
kind of just give you scenarios and what
will happen in those scenarios and then
you can extrapolate
so that yeah like I've just been
watching a ton the the thing I've been
really enjoying is watching the corridor
digital guys and their know the corridor
digital guys and they're just their
playthrough of the story just so I like
because then you know what happens is in
the story the character does something
and I see someone roll the dice and then
I try to figure out why they roll the
dice and so then I go to like three
other YouTube videos but just watching a
playthrough with people I enjoy watching
I can see now why people like that
Harmon quest and all those D&D; because
there's just our critical role from the
geek and sundry like it's it's fun it's
it's fun just watching a story just
improv with orcs
that's all D&D; is yes and an arrow to
the knee
I have not seen the video of Vin Diesel
playing D
I do know that Vin Diesel is a huge D&D;
nerd and I believe that's where he
originally met Paul Walker Vin Diesel
Ike met Paul Walker like playing D&D; and
then they started going they started
being in movies together or something
like that or they played D&D; or World
War II something is something nerdy with
Vin Diesel and Paul Walker button a fun
thing to do is to randomly have them
roll a perception check for no other
reason than to make them nervous
garbage Factory that's a great idea yes
oh yeah if everyone could just say you
know role perception right now I'm just
real quick and then like pretend to
write down all their numbers okay yeah
go ahead fuck oh my god you died yeah
wasn't doing good sorry
yeah wasn't doing good yeah Wow Wow
that sucked yeah fucking suck you know
you get a bet you get some bad bad bad
rng there sometimes I did Oh was it your
horrible was it your mistake uh I made
some bad positioning mistakes early on
where I didn't get line of sight and
then one was getting beat up early sure
yeah I'm with you
yeah that way you don't have to go
through the tutorial again when's the
last time you saved I wonder this
happened to me the first time - good
then never knew the first time then I
get roasted on XCOM 2 by selecting weird
difficulty options I didn't like weird
difficulty options options I just
selected a harder difficulty and it
fucking schooled babe yeah hey guys
David Dino people day V Dino people is
how you pronounce that name here
you guys should really play injustice -
it's the perfect time because Han Solo
comes out next week you guys excited
moving on moving on yes we lime
we will playing justice to at some point
I have nothing I have no problem playing
injustice - we had a lot of fun playing
in just this one I had a lot of fun
playing justice won cuz it's silly I
like silly things rich
I think Hellboy's an injustice - and the
Ninja Turtles that's fun yeah that's
silly I want I want Hellboy to punch
Catwoman silly a Jigglypuff says time to
grade finals paper papers not sure how
riches laugh will affect grades but
let's find out
thanks guys for the stream welcome good
luck grading papers that's gotta be
tough being a being being a teacher and
acts you're like oh this is gonna decide
someone's future like I can't make a
mistake
one grading these papers cuz then I
could really mess someone up
I did not rich did you see Deadpool - no
neither did I I still haven't seen one
yet you still haven't seen one yet I
still haven't seen one yet Oh
interesting that's good
this is good I'm looking forward to
seeing Deadpool - maybe I'll do that
tomorrow that's what I usually do I I do
like to go Monday morning to go see the
big movies nice empty theatres and get a
call for you I think Deadpool is doing
just fine without me
he needs that he needs that extra 12
bucks for it
he's that extra 12 bucks
very aggressive marketing campaign for
Deadpool - yeah everywhere fucking
everywhere some of Italy fun but actual
ads are just like the different
publicity stunts they're doing the the
the publicity stunts have been
everywhere
yeah like did you see the thing where
they were replacing DVD covers of movies
know like in Walmart you know they're
DVD section they the Deadpool
advertising team made special Deadpool
covers of every movie they were selling
uh and so then the entire wall of DVDs
for like Shrek had a picture of Deadpool
like then it goes viral and it's a
relatively cheap ad I'm saying it's
everywhere and that's actually it's been
a little much for me like I know
Deadpool is coming out you don't need to
you don't need to hit this over my head
hammer this in oh no and I agree it's
been going viral and I'm sure it's been
great for the advertising teams like
they've made a good name for themselves
but it's everywhere to the point where
slow down slow down
pump the brakes
and it did 300 million worldwide this
weekend so it worked there you go hey I
mean that's it Oh big whiff big whiff
Queen miss rich clean miss that wasn't
did you punch him
did you robot punch him punch me oh I do
like the red lines yeah that was always
that was always an issue with for me
with with XCOM is you know there was an
indicator whether or not you had a clear
line of sight to the enemy there's like
that little eyeball indicator but you
know it's one of those things that if
you weren't paying attention it was easy
to block out here there is a bright
fucking red line like yes you can hit
the the person and I do like that you
can't get my decide I'm fucking anything
you piece of shit and you can't get past
her can you do anything
to anything
doesn't he have any lobby Rockets ah no
he doesn't
I don't bother they go well there you go
all right
I'm gonna take a break you're gonna take
a break let's take a break oh I'm just
gonna take a break mmm I'm gonna I'm
gonna stop you don't go in the main menu
yeah let's fuck that turn Wow I'm gonna
take a break
Wow doesn't he bring rich needs a break
what's happening
rich rich is gonna go pray to the rng
gods right now just may all your dice be
balanced may all your rolls be critical
well then that I mean I think he's gonna
get his max a little closer together as
he cuz you know you know when the where
the battle is so anyway how are you guys
what's going on let's see if we have
some tips which I think we do where are
we
nope OOP there we go the 17v only said
hey guys long time fan first time tipper
why is Mike such a dick to rich because
it's funny joke it's a gag gagg Sean
underscore says hitting with melee
attacks drops heat to Jack oh that's
good that's good to know rich Evans
reminds you that you don't drop heat if
you whip though you think that would
that be a big error yeah but this is a
lot of airflow so you really drop heat
if you with the secret to this game
though is to grind fights and get scrap
weapons and items I like I said I didn't
even know that there was this whole
business running operation thing I
haven't gotten that far in the game so
I'm excited for that part ok yeah
scratch I'm starting from scratch
starting from scratch from from my head
yeah soul get there rich I'm starting
from scratch yet there I'm getting there
like scratch do you think it's your
character do you think you need a new
character that much stretch yeah let's
start new all right that's fine no not
like I I'm sure I'll get all the rules
I'm very early on so I'm sure I will
understand all the rules but it is it's
it's a little cumbersome especially like
picking what weapon you
gonna fire with if you're doing that
manually and I always negotiate for
scrap not if you're fighting shitty
mechs
Oh
mmm
I tried cutting my prices just for
reputation a couple of times I don't
know that it was worth it you can do
that you can take a contract for almost
nothing and then they like you more
interesting so there there is some depth
in the in the MEC management business
presumably I haven't I haven't had this
happen yet because I've mostly just been
fighting pirates but I'm presuming that
if you end up hired to fight another
faction that that will make them like us
I'm presuming this sure yeah I would
agree I would think word would get
around that you're helping their enemy
which has not perfected his trad said he
is not I'm just playing shitty I played
this home and I was not that bad well
there you get your full concentration
yeah
not fuck around
all right Daniel from SL says hey how's
it going Jack and rich loving the work
on both red letter media and this I have
a question yeah what is your opinion on
that particular thing that was a close
one he almost got me you almost got me
because sometimes you know I'll just
read them yep but yeah I have learned to
kind of read a couple words ahead just
to see if there's anything weird oh no
it's it wasn't anything too bad just
would have been a silly thing for me to
read like the jack off a horse one yeah
like one of those kind of things like
the fabs
okay says love you guys also just a
heads up to check out adventure mode
when you start playing Hyrule warriors
alongside the main story and I think you
two would have a blast I would and
congrats on 100k so Frank dynasty
warriors oh it's alright listen I've
only played the first mission and I love
it already I love it already
classic dynasty warriors go run over
here shoot the bad guys that come along
so great so fucking great
don't worry I'll stream some it'll be
fun it'll be super fun ritual ritual
zone out and he'll pay attention to chat
which you guys also love and I'll have a
great time and I'll have a great great
time
let's see chat is saying rep gives you
more difficult missions quicker yeah but
you go grip broken the meats balanced
rich it's all about bounds I think
you're I think you need a bearded guy
bearded game yeah like how bearded
what about him this guy I mean first of
all you know that's just fine fairly
badass look at him fairly badass that's
Kratos now that I think about it a
little bit Kratos Mick Mick Kratos boom
and NDR met your met callsign his boy Oh
God Slayer now you got it rich now you
got a win and run you're welcome you're
welcome everyone I know it's fun to use
names from chat but that was the correct
call and if you think about it you'll
all agree I think you will call his mech
boy right no his callsign as the god
Slayer is was the correct call
way can you name your mechs I don't know
if you can try if you can name your reps
it needs to be boy absolutely one of the
smaller ones that one of my crew is
piloting yeah boy boy I get over here
it's great
sorry but I don't want to see Kratos
ride his boy
Touche that's just completely out of the
question
Touche you're absolutely right pulling
it back reeling in everybody rich
thought about it for two seconds and
that's his job that's why he makes the
big bucks you think about him for two
seconds but you know what actually I
actually did play a little bit of
Adventure mode in Hyrule warriors and
it's cute it's a it's like a little map
of the original Legend of Zelda from the
NES and then every square is a little
mini challenge like in this square you
need to defeat the 300 enemies within 15
minutes yeah and then you kind of reveal
more of that original map and yeah it's
it it looks like that thing in Dynasty
Warriors that I kind of fell in love
with which is you know new items new
characters new fun over-the-top
ridiculous story and it's great and it's
great I'm gonna have a lot of fun with
it
and we'll play it on stream but that's
alright look rule 34 God of War art is
going to involve Kratos and the head
that mirror the mirror and cratons Amir
and everyone in the game there's gonna
be some Amir and Freya there's gonna be
some Amir and Thor's kids you know in
some sort of awful 3-way or you know two
point one way sorry that's alright I try
to be asked that was that was I thought
a pretty good punch line we'll see how
the chat reacts to that but okay then I
see a couple people haven't thanked what
wasn't the head and Thor's kids in some
sort of bizarre three-way or really a
two
one way time that's all right okay so
now you're going full tutorial again
again just going through everything yeah
scratch just scratch fuck it I like it
none fucking now you now you have Kratos
so you're fine you're fine God it says
God Slayer boom boom user notice Jarek
42 is new here say hello hi Jarek 42 pro
tip save the game often Oh like rich
rich do you want to be the saves gun I
did that to get through
XCOM - and even though I won it didn't
feel like I want I did a fair amount of
saves coming - to finish the the story
of XCOM - and you know what it wasn't
worth it it didn't it didn't feel like a
like a win you know it didn't feel right
so how much is a win worth you guys
that's something for you to think about
mr. Street saves coming and setting
reasonable checkpoint so that's between
missions man yeah the game sets its own
checkpoints no saving your progress
isn't saves coming but I think the the
the the intent of that message was
leaning towards save scumming like oh
I'll save right now and then I'm about
to shoot down this guy I'm gonna save
scum
I'm gonna save right now and if my shot
doesn't land I'm just gonna load my
previous save and I'll try the shot
again yeah yeah like it's a
single-player game play it however the
fuck you want sure but XCOM to an
Ironman mode so satisfying it feels it
feels right yeah yeah yeah consequences
the horrible horrible consequences
that's literally the whole point of a
game is to put a hurdle in front of you
and to see if you can jump over that's
the point of every game every challenge
right and so what satisfaction can you
be can you get in beating it in cheating
it in cheating the system alright let's
see here
sighs Sperling says Jack you should
track down the first edition adventurer
expedition to the barrier Peaks it is an
adventure where the dungeon is a crashed
spaceship full of homicidal robots and
with laser guns and it is notoriously
difficult and great role-playing fodder
satorious too difficult he's playing
with a seven-year-old
playing with my children how well the
seven intent I've said that I've said
that already
yeah so I've said that already so yeah
I'm playing with children and beyond
that it's all even my first time playing
so you know maybe once we are you know
accustomed to the regular rules but
speaking on that subject one of the
things that I do like about it is it is
like at its heart D&D; is just kind of a
rule set right and it's just a way to
say like if something happens here's how
you said the difficulty and here's how
the player can roll a die to see if they
overcome that difficulty thing right so
the same rules that the exact same rule
set can be applied to lasers and you
know guns and anything like your
characters can have anything they want
and if your character has a blaster you
treat it like a bow and arrow you know
and it's just it's the exact same coin
so you can have space adventures using
the D&D; hand but why not you can mix and
match that's why I liked when my team
you know my kids were like building
their lego guys and you know like one of
them just had a pistol he's like that
guy has a gun all right that guy has a
gun because why not it doesn't matter
they don't give a shit about like being
true to Toki in mythology they just want
to have fun so it was great
one of them fantasy worlds with lost
technology oh yeah I liked it I liked it
maybe that could be a treasure that they
find yeah I found this in the tomb of
the ancient ones I call it the Thunder
bring a modern modern civil a
civilization was destroyed when magic
came back to life Jack rich you you're a
dungeon master congratulations you've
done it fight through this dungeon and
the prizes you get a ancient car
a Ferrari you you get the thunderous
beast 'less carriage they re yeah it's
fun it's fast off fun an evil dead RPG
would be epic but see like that's the
thing right it using these rules right
and Evil Dead RPG
congratulations rich you just invented
Shadowrun I didn't know that about
shadow run but I got news for you
Shadowrun invented Thundarr the
Barbarian apparently by that logic oh
what's thunder the Barbarian old 80s
cartoon yeah
same kind basic premise is like
civilization civilization crumbled and
everyone was like barbarian times but
they'll be like ruined skyscrapers in
the background boom there you go there
you go how do you pout power the Ferrari
what battery would fuel well obviously
there'd be a little in it left to make
it a little uh you know I was only so
much Thunder water remaining yes it's in
an old garage so there's some Thunder
water there yeah I like it and it's got
limited use yes and and you find you
find the the Thunder beast las' carriage
the Thunder carriage and and you know
then the other part of your mission is
to find the the cube of lightning
because without without the cube of
lightning you cannot start the Thunder
beast up we have a long talk about our
feelings on our way to pick up the cube
of lightning I think that
bond on building relationship and that's
the thing that rich that people will
remember they'll remember it and then
you know as far as coming up with combat
scenarios I'll just copy and paste some
you know that we'll get that out of the
way though don't worry - the good stuff
it's true the Commission did you freeze
you have to press the begin Michigan oh
I might have crashed I'll fuck sake it
might have crashed oh yeah he crashed
rich I'm sorry
fuck's sake I'm very sorry
can't get out of it - done crash it oh
my god that's the question
politic is not working for me today yeah
apparently not it's just not apparently
done it doesn't it doesn't want you it
doesn't want you to accomplish your
mission here all right let's see here we
have true blue review who says hey guy
hey guys is that's an S with rich
playing Battletech and Jack talking D&D;
poorly you still playing it you're still
playing battle deck and I'm talking to
you D has there ever been a game that
was too complex for you to want to get
into part of me doesn't want to feel
stupid for not getting it but part of me
also just wants to have fun there's
personal taste I can't think of I can't
go on that's been too complicated for me
off the top of my head what do you got
Oh unrelated I thought you had there's a
copy of something here that you were
about to them to share the class your
timing with getting up said what let's
see - Oh nuts off the top of my head but
I mean if you just want games that are
lighter I'm this nothing wrong with that
skip the intro great my my phone was
running out of batteries and that's how
we're reading the tips currently oh and
I knew in here somewhere we had a very
long I phone cable and so I just needed
a so games that were too difficult to
get into I there there are games that
I've heard people people like when
people talk about dota or dota 2 right
yeah they say like I didn't really
understand don't know you just click on
things where you just click on things
right but they say like I didn't get the
game until I played it for 800 hours and
then I finally understood dota 2 and
it's just like to me yeah that's way too
much there's way too many little things
Battletech does seem intimidating it
does have a lot of little things but I
feel like once you play it a little bit
you'll get it I'm just doing terribly
tonight really early did bad ones and
then we just had trouble getting another
game even really know now you that
wasn't your fault we're gonna say that
wasn't your fault but I will say that
the same fellow collected this seems to
oh you know it's working I will say the
learning curve to actually start playing
my first game of D&D; was a little
ridiculous yeah I I feel like if someone
wants to get into it maybe a little
quicker maybe a little smoother fight
you have to find a group you have to
find someone who already knows how to
play it and they can kind of walk you
through a simple game yeah hard to get
started in the first place if that's the
case Gary Gygax traveled around the
country like Johnny fucking Appleseed he
was he was Gary demon seed and he just
started playing with people I don't
think that's a good question on how to
deke
John I think I think people like us yeah
get bored and get obsessive and Gary
Gygax and oh who was the other guy do we
remember his name
Gary Gygax is just such an interesting
name I I don't remember the other guy's
name
he was Gary demon seed anyway that you
know they wrote the manual and then the
Nerds found this manual and obsessively
memorized the rules and then they taught
their friends and you know like it DMD
has never been huge it's never broken
like you know it's mainstream enough
where people know it but I don't know if
that many people play it Dave Arneson
thank you
Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson Arneson but
uh you know the other thing to think
about with D&D; is if you have a group of
friends and you want to play D&D; you
just kind of buy one book yeah for the
entire group of friends and so like if
there's five kids you know pooling your
money together for one book that's a
pretty decent investment yeah so III do
think there is a there's a nice built in
it work this time no this is the first
tutorial did you save after it I crash I
didn't have an opportunity to do
anything oh shit Oh for fuck's sake well
just power is their way to skip the
tutorial I can't imagine that you have
to do this tutorial every time I think I
do well
the loading must be console right orange
chrome obviously we are playing this on
a pc yeah but and it's not just this
computer because we're streaming at home
my nice gaming pc it loading it takes a
while it's it's honestly a little nice I
photocopied my friends manual of dark
dark lands for copy protection 300 plus
pages yeah I I think I think it's very
true it's it's you know they say that's
one of the that's one of the main
reasons why soccer is the most popular
sport in the world is because you know
420 guys you just need one soccer ball
yeah and so it's like it's just an easy
the barrier to entry is very low and I
think it's similar for D&D; with nerds
we're counselors don't crash will the
game crash not the PC you say console
games never crash never rich we've never
had that happen get out of here do you
both play from an SSD I play from an SSD
at home this is an SSD I assume I don't
think this is running from an SSD for
space reasons oh okay at home I'm
running off of a solid state yeah and it
the loading times are noticeable
noticeable and you're playing on an SSD
yeah and I'm playing from a solid state
is what I will say
we need to get you cooled off and you
help me help me
alright norm cavalier says the blue says
the blue actions precision shot
vigilance on the right side of the bar
are enabled when your morale meter to
the left of the MechWarrior portrait is
high enough yeah okay left I'll have to
check that out when we get into actual
combat again I didn't even notice a
morale meter that might not be in this
first tutorial mission you had through
fate and circumstance we have not been
able to get through what we're gonna do
it we're gonna do it I believe in us
right I don't even have the option to
save her okay so that's fine we gather
just get through it you can do it as
soon as you get out of this one and you
start escorting the princess then you'll
probably able to save
I recently bought a copy of fallout 1
from gog and played it through for old
times sake there was something recently
where it was either on Steam or on GOG
they were giving out like free copies of
fallout 1 it's like yeah don't download
fallout 1 babies play it why not why not
yeah and I played it for a little bit
and holy man that's an old game yeah
holy man is the combat like RPG stuff rj
RPG style tech turns lacking at each
other that's how you fall asleep there
is a real time issue element to it a lot
like the newer ones but yeah it's it's
not so it's not perfect it's not like
pause time while I go through the Excel
spreadsheet JRPG well while you use the
most efficient attack over and over
again a thousand times yeah a little bit
like that until you fall asleep a little
bit like that and then you got a grind
hey JRPGs I didn't get I didn't get very
far through it just because I got lost
like right away it's not like that all
right
I've never played the early fall outs
and played much of the later ones so you
fucking heretic so yeah you might I
might have just upset a lot of people
there
it's fine everything's fine 20 fallout
one came out 20 years ago that's this is
a long time yeah we don't we don't stop
aging jack why it's not a thing that's
gonna happen what's rich Valiant
bloodshot says hey guys I thought
Deadpool 2 was just okay the best parts
were everything but Deadpool himself
we're dead fooling himself I demand a
colossus and negasonic spin-off also
have you guys seen the trailers for the
happy time murders and the house that
Jack built
no I saw the trailer for the happy time
murders well so like one Deadpool 2 was
in colossus and negasonic teenage
warhead only work because of Deadpool
they are the the straight men - Deadpool
being the idiot
if it was just colossus and negasonic
teenage warhead it'd be kind of boring
you need them to play off of Deadpool I
saw the trailer for happy time murders
and I'm I'm honestly I don't know how I
feel about it yet it's the new meghan
mccarthy movie where it's it's it's it's
who framed roger rabbit but instead of
cartoons it's puppets okay puppets are
real and someone's going around
murdering puppets and meghan mccarthy
melissa mccarthy so
the game crashed again how embarrassing
I want to get to the fun stuff but I
can't even get past the tutorial how
embarrassing
the real fight is getting the game to
run okay how about this rich here's okay
before we completely give up on battle
uh-huh
we need to go in and tweak some of the
settings just lower some of the settings
obviously and then we'll give it one
more time and if we crash or lose our
save again fuck it we'll find something
else that's what that's that's how I
want to roll with it however you want to
roll whether you tell me you tell me
yeah let's take a moment
so it's Melissa McCarthy uh-huh from
what now thing the happy time murders
okay Melissa McCarthy is a cop who's
partner is a puppet and puppets are we
are real-life people not a hand right
okay and someone's going around
murdering puppets and so basically it's
it's it's a crass puppets the puppets
have sex there's an elongated puppet
ejaculation bit in the trailer and yes
it's it's to me it sounds like a funny
premise for like an internet video or
it's like oh yeah this could be a really
funny five minute sketch but also the
whole it's like puppets
but they're doing cocaine things seems
like very early 2000s like we're over
that joke already I feel yeah
but look I could see this being a funny
Internet video that everyone got a kick
out oh that's cute you know a Netflix
exclusive
maybe like you know 20 minutes right
like just something something silly
something small but because it's a full
movie I just think the joke
I think the joke is old before they
wrote the movie it's like puppets but
you know they're they're doing adult
things right Greg the bunny team America
World Police Crank Yankers meet the
Feebles Avenue Q these are all great
examples of this joke already being done
and over with but it could be fine out
of them
yes beefcake something that would that
would you know go up on Funny or Die
maybe you'd get a couple funny gifts out
of it and then you know just be done
with it but we'll see what is it known
puppet stunts are just made up just made
up like just their puppets you know the
question is what's what are you guys
betting that it's going to have the
exact same opening as Who Framed Roger
Rabbit where it starts with a kids show
where puppets are there then the camera
and then after the kid shows over the
camera pulls back and the puppets start
acting like real people
beat for beat the exact same opening as
Who Framed Roger Rabbit yeah I'd say
there's a 90% no there's not as obvious
as the cartoon it's not as obvious
is Melissa McCarthy gonna fuck a puppet
Melissa McCarthy will have some sort of
sexual encounter with a puppet
whether a puppet goes down on her or
whether she has sex with a puppet yeah
something's gonna happen of course
that's a joke
that's a funny joke I gotta show it I
know how to rotate a camera okay now you
can get settings let's just lower it
lower those do you think so what if
Wright could see your qualities on high
maybe just bump that down to medium just
see if that helps and you know what if
it crashes again then we're done then
we're done
yeah we're done crash me once shame on
you
crash me three times shame on me to be
filmed at home yeah this game is not
crashed it hasn't crashed for me and do
every once in a while we do you know we
get stuff like this that happens because
we are also streaming and running that
program that's possible so which is why
we are you know saving up funds for a
dedicated streaming PC Jenn I tried
saving my game look there's the save
game option you can't unable to save I'd
say it's grayed out but it's read it out
it literally says cannot save during the
tutorial mission that's what it's what
it says
do graphics make any difference
instability I don't know I would assume
it would be less intensive on something
no how about that
i supposes but then again Moses supposes
his toeses as roses but Moses supposes
erroneously so we just don't know all
right what do we got here whatever I got
here we got a future Prez is he rich and
Jack with this being the 20-year
anniversary of Harry Potter number one
what are your thoughts on the series as
a whole also what houses do you think
you would have been sorted into thanks
to the stream and good luck rich I
watched the first movie and when he won
the day because his parents loved him I
threw up and didn't watch another one I
think it's a fair fair assessment that
was a little wee little weak a little
weak what did Harry Potter do well as
parents sure liked him yeah but what did
Harry Potter do he was there the smart
girl knew all the things the kid played
a great game in chess what did Harry
Potter do he got hugged by his parents
whoa yeah yeah fuck him yeah fuck Harry
Potter by the way I kind of agree with
you by the way I'm about to give a big
spoiler alert to Harry Potter because
rich doesn't care no I don't give a shit
at all so by the way I'm about to spoil
the ending of Harry Potter if you guys
care at all about that right about now
at the at the end of the I've only seen
the movies by the way I haven't read any
of the books but at the last movie yeah
there there's a whole prophecy about the
the one who will defeat Lord Voldemort
yeah and as it turns out by the way the
one who defeats Lord Voldemort is not
Harry Potter okay there was another
student at Hogwarts whose parents were
also killed by Voldemort but he was kind
of a minor character this whole time
like no one really cared about him just
kind of a nerd neville longbottom okay
his name he was the chosen one who
ended up killing Lord Baal okay and I
did like that twist I thought that was
fun sounds like an anti-climax are you
kind of well I I think in the books he's
built up a little bit more but yeah in
the movies all the sudden it's just like
Neville's here
you killed him everything's fine like
what who said Richard meant for kids why
the fuck you asking me what I think
about it wasn't I thought Neville
goddamnit I got it apparently I got it
wrong what do you mean Neville
Longbottom didn't kill jack that's not
right that's not how it happened fuck
well then there you go
that by the way that's how I invested I
am in Harry Potter I've seen the movies
once and I really thought that Neville
his parents weren't dead what I see that
the chat is informing me that I'm
incorrect I don't I don't care that was
a fan theory
he killed the snip what are you talking
about okay so rich yeah we've answered
the chat question we don't give a fuck
about her apparently I don't even know
about Harry Potter I saw the movies once
and that's about it all the movies I've
seen every movie yeah okay
I've seen every movie but my wife really
liked the books and so we watched all
the movies the kids have seen all the
movies my older one has actually read
all the books by now and and yes you
know it's fine I do I remember I think
it was the end of the third Harry Potter
movie which was when the series started
to get a little dark is what is when
like you know people were not crashing
and that's a good sign
the the third Harry Potter movies was
when like people started dying like
stuff started to get a little more
mature right and at the end of that
movie the movie ended with a still frame
of Harry Potter like riding on his broom
and doing like a fist pump to the air to
a freeze-frame go to credits that saw
the movie in it cuz he got a broom that
he really liked because you know he's a
wizard not for a second you're still
talking about Harry Potter
what Bru what my brain has moved on like
man like my brain is like worrying about
like my taxes next year doing laundry
you know important adult things all
right so which one ended with him
doesn't matter that matter we've been
trying I'm gonna stay on Harry Potter a
little bit but I'm gonna shift away from
the books nervous how about that that's
fine great we've been playing the Harry
Potter deck building game okay there's a
Harry Potter deck building game and the
game goes through the years at Hogwarts
getting more and more difficult as you
go through everybody wins because their
parents love them even though they're
completely incompetent at the game it's
a whole side mission it's a whole
there's a there's hidden cards there's
hidden hug you know what that it
actually has a hug your kid and save
immediately save immediately what are
you doing
game safe there you go there we go thank
you I've got your back
is this a 5-minute loading screen yes it
takes a long time to load yeah so we've
been playing through the hair yeah it's
not the most optimized game in the world
yeah that's that's putting it lately
Harry Potter Harry Potter card game the
point is we've made it all the way to
year four and the game has become
unbearably difficult to the point where
we've attempted five times and lost five
times for a card game based on Harry
Potter like the difficulty is curve
spiked at year for Jack yeah at this
point yeah
the average Harry Potter fan is thirty
that movie came out yeah how many years
ago oh they're saying the book it's the
20 year anniversary of the book okay
yeah
the average Harry Potter fan is 30 and
I'm saying it's too hard for that I
think the game's not balanced properly
he's Joe Flacco Ellie just started a
crash timer by the way just that you've
gotten this far they want to see how
long it takes okay okay
anyway that was it that was that was
that's all the Harry Potter I got I do I
remember the phenomenon No
I remember the phenomenom oh no day I
gotta remember how to pronounce his name
Dave in Oh people David no David no
people uh-huh
says hey guys I started playing Mass
Effect after Rich's prays over the first
two games during the and ro media
Andromeda debacle during the Andromeda
debacle okay
I'm really I also advised nobody to play
them because it's all undone by the
third game and you regret ever having
touched the series there was that whole
part of this very important chunk yeah
of my critique of the Mass Effect's I'm
really enjoying it so far and wondering
if you guys would do a sit down review
no over the original trilogy no it sucks
in hindsight because the third game is
just that bad they go and I just don't
care much for Bioware games in general
the third game is so bad it it ruins
your ability to enjoy the previous two
installments next thank you
I'm not using the laptop for tips
because I left it at home
because I was fixing it to make it run
faster and then forgot to bring it so
I'm looking up tips on my mobile phone
next Triple E review says have you guys
thought of streaming frost Punk from the
same people who made this war of mine
it's a post snow apocalyptic city
builder that has a focus on maintaining
heat and the morale choice the morale
choices and policy you have to make when
building your singular city ah you
didn't look like my thing I'm not a big
fan of stagnant resource management
games like that for which Frost poem
have you heard of this no it's a
post-apocalyptic game need art style
looking thing but it's basically a city
manager some aspects look neat but I
usually end up tuning out to games like
that so probably not gonna happen
nice nice nice that's right he sent
steady rich he's unsteady he's dead