Technical difficulties
January 10, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3cg-d6Qqug

right click to pick up in inventories
okay okay
rich tried to fart on him you know rich
was a which was dropping he was trying
man he was he's doing it
service time we might be done
this sucks Oh 4.2 gigabyte update for
pubsey and for our maintenance fee
period well what's the plan shit man we
have two computers hooked up we'd have
two computers hooked up that is true we
better take advantage of this our
options are well we could check out that
fortnight you guys you guys could could
check out my glorious screen here this
is the screen I have at home
very minimal its finery minimus I don't
like looking at pretty things a
fortnight we can do rocket League that's
multiplayer or I'm completely on a
fucking practice sure or Friday the 13th
oh sure
overwatch and/or rocket League and/or
Friday the 13th with chat right Friday
13th
we're guy I'm seeing a lot of Friday the
13th I'm seeing rocket rocket I'm seeing
secrets agents you know what's up rocket
League rocket League Friday 13th
fortnight 400 what are you in the mood
for I you know I don't even like I like
I said I I didn't think you would be in
the mood we're doing shooty stuff
already fortnight might be too big of a
download let's once for you to do that
right now let's check it out
you know check it out you know it's not
in steam you have to get the you have to
get the epics game launcher I have a
say-so like while you download I could
play a couple fortnight games if I even
remember how to play you need the epics
game launcher it looks like this for
those who can see my screen
update required well I got I download an
update
I got a download an update rich all
right great another games store from yes
another games the storefront but to be
fair fortnight is free it is a free game
and the game store is also free you know
like Steam and so fortnight's
freeze-thaw so been do I remember my
password can you make it so they can't
see my screen for a moment
I haven't unseen one perfect well I
should take care of the perfect do I
have a keyboard is the next question I
do but it's way over there how do you
get virtual keyboard of them click on
the Start menu the the gear icon yeah I
think and use of access yeah that's good
my virtual keyboard in that left yeah
that way that way I don't have to reach
all the way over there which frankly is
just too much and they're not seeing my
screen I don't believe they are great
that's it is this my password
that's not my password
how about is my password probably gonna
need both registers some got a fucking
account yep hey that's my password I
found my password great great it's an
interesting game the fortnight I
actually don't know if we can play co-op
or if we're gonna be you know in two
different areas but that's fine it's
it's different you know it's not the
worst please wait well this is gonna
take like a really long time we'll just
play something else absolutely and it
might because it's a big game so I have
no idea how long the password Packard
rules for its money
where was it Jack where was what what
are you talking about well you see we
talked about what's going on there is
duel there is do oh great okay I mean
I'm just installing an update and it's
gonna take for fucking ever how long is
forever
it doesn't say well okay what's our
other back-up plan Friday 13th or rocket
League okay if I have friend 13th
installed because I am notorious for
just getting rid of shit that I am
currently not playing I do have rocket
League installed I know that Friday 13th
ah he's so ill-prepared for rocket
League right now jack all right well the
Nama khalil prepared then I will work on
installing Friday the 13th which can be
done in a reasonable amount of time I'm
in a shooting mindset right this moment
sure and I haven't played rocket League
no problem no hey no problem let's do
Friday I mean it's Friday 13th isn't
necessarily shooty but it's kind of
shooting let me get through a point
where I can see maybe how long it might
potentially take to download an update
okay or install actually watch this
launch that another fucking game
launching front bullshit yeah it's it's
a little much I'll be honest with you
it's irritating well they have Shadow
Complex that's nice that's a good game
Shadow Complex that's a good
Metroidvania all right here we're not
leaving but I'm
wait we're not going away we're not
going away I don't want to make sure we
know I'm gonna sign up for a stupid
fucking account here I'm gonna be typing
in shit I don't know what's gonna be
seriously our tips working yes they are
hold on while rich is doing that I will
check on sir
and I'm rich rich forgot that when he
went over to the end screen it muted us
I yeah yeah all right oh my god how many
versions of this are hung for fuck's
sake
what the United States my name is what's
my name
fuck last name you asshole
um display name epic game sucks let's
see here glad vici I wanted to tip and
say one day I will make lots and lots of
money and I will be able to tip more
paying you guys back for the awesome
seven years you and our LM have given to
me thank you glad VG we'd really
appreciate it we do what we can
we love what we do fuck us how you're
gonna have to remember that I'm gonna
use this once yeah
oh you have to agree that display name
is already in use what you can't do it
sorry somebody's stealing my identity J
yep
someone just uh someone opened up a
credit card under the name charred
somebody's trying to pretend to be me on
Epic Games oh hey it's me rich Evans
what did you miss gobbledygook we got us
probably a good solid hour of pub G we
got two pub G plays through maybe three
no just two we only get two we had two
Pub G rounds and both we lost but some
farms had some fun was had what we lost
you know well I just I would didn't want
them to think like hey we got you know
we got that chicken dinner
let's see what happens here let's see
how long this is gonna take I'm gonna
ask me to confirm the email that's so
weird
maybe before you play it will it's weird
it is but oh that's true gobbledygook
see you midst riches you know fairly
humorous death in which he attempted to
sit on someone it's pretty great
they need a game recommendation
something that is free for the Fox what
please wait' rich I'm waiting a please
wait oh no it's not over we're still
here Oh Rick you can probably click us
back now yeah I mean you think it's safe
maybe we're just installing everything
weird we're now we are now downloading
three games and streaming rich I'm
getting a message that says please wait
please wait yeah install failed okay so
Friday the 13th great Friday the 13th
unless ii delete let me let me let me
lead something listen my epic my inst my
my installing the patch is only at 10%
we got a do friend over 13 oh wait is it
where's it trying to install it that's
probably why you know you might want to
turn it out for that then right turn off
your screen yeah fine we're fine where's
the epic game launcher oh god all this
horseshit it's a lot of horseshit it's a
lot of horseshit we're using all the
internets right now yes we're using
every one of the internets
what are you downloading oh you're
downloading the pub key shit oh my god
and we're downloading the pub G update
well cancel that and pause that yeah we
don't need that
am i downloading that too I am
oh dude dead cells get an update when
did you get an update dead cells
supposedly there's gonna be four hours
of server maintenance for pub G you know
it's one of those things where when we
were deciding what to play tonight rich
said hey I'm actually really in the mood
for pub G surprisingly bring your PC
let's make it happen
yeah and neither of us thought to like
check if the servers were down for
literally the exact four hours that we
strove what the fuck is up with that
right I mean Jesus how long's your
install taking I'm only at 13% and this
is just an update I have it down are you
still downloading the Friday no Friday
13th
oh I'm downloading Friday 13th which is
only at 20 minutes so you can play a
round or two a Friday 13th of all I
downloaded okay let's do that
I'm gonna cancel me can I change where
the fuck you try to download this stupid
thing ah via reticle II yes
theoretically not practically it's not
giving me an option for that what if you
click on the gearbox nothing for the
location settings and it's not in here
you know what then rich fuck it that's
what I'm gonna say you're trying to
download it to my tiny a solid-state
drive which is why you don't have room
jackass fuck it oh yeah I was gonna
check on the dead cells news oh yeah get
fuck everyone one other thought get out
what's on your phone
left for dead oh shit dog now you're
talking but that's gonna take a little
bit to download
everything's gonna take a little bit the
demo is just this life man fuck man now
you're talking what do you got look for
dead 1 or 2 go to your library I know if
I have any of them honestly which is
good which is better yeah yeah one don't
you minute you don't know you don't have
either huh I don't good multiplayer like
ever okay go get left for dead which one
motor to watch which is better
start from the beginning we'll get one
left for dead left for dead who has
everything when it the chat seems like
two I'm just gonna get so far you get
two I don't care about left for dead
continuity okay that's gonna take even
longer all right well we could play a
round of Friday the 13th or or a rocket
League when we're waiting for that it'll
be fine
I'll be fine everything's gonna be fine
all right so now I want to actually
remove Friday the 13th from my queue
because now we're just doing left for
dead they can't see that great Oh
actually no never mind it's not gonna
take as long as I thought you know steam
always gives you that estimate that
first estimate of like you know it's
gonna take 18 hours yep do it and you're
getting left 4 dead 2 yeah great so you
know in the meantime in approximately
the 25 minutes it's gonna take to
install we just think of shit to talk
about
yeah so and that's gonna be okay that's
gonna be okay they're rich put that away
why don't you put us back on the camera
oh wait I just wanna make sure
everything's downloading before I go
back absolutely you do you man you do
you do doo doo doo Mahna Mahna yeah get
out of here I don't want you anymore
great oh yeah it's it's left 4 dead 2 is
only gonna take about 25 minutes to
download okay for me hopefully you know
it'll be somewhat similar to you
probably okay yeah we're gonna turn us
back on uh are you downloading
why aren't you downloading why are you
downloading the beta beta left 4 dead 2
what the fuck what the fuck what the
fuck indeed it's still preparing it look
at that
so maybe the beta is just what it's
preparing Oh jack
so nice and mods for free a rich has a
bunch of dude mobs already epic Jason
what a designer you can send your mods
i've got 4 z doom original doom just
wait
well they can't see this anyway right
and if you put us back on I just don't
want that end screen to be hanging out
there and then why don't you turn me off
but as we're downloading turn my
computer off great and then we'll just
jibber we'll just jibber as we wait rich
you you jibber algebra I'll play
something great you play something so
let's see here have you guys from Andre
s Silva have you guys ever played
gravity rush to or personna 5 for the
ps4 hey JRPGs so I've never played
persona you probably would not be a fan
of persona 5 yeah I played a little bit
of the first Gravity Rush not much maybe
an hour maybe an hour and I wasn't
terribly into it so no I have not played
either that or gravity Roach - and
neither personified
oh wait wait it's finally doing
something allocating disk space it's
finally doing something
right pair sauna right at the 13th have
everyone try to grow vegetables indoors
no but I've been thinking about getting
a chicken I kind of want a chicken
wrench yeah
Pub geez really raining on my parade
tonight I'm really sorry you know we
were getting we were just getting into
the flow the pub G flow yeah that's too
bad man well that can't be that can't be
accurate what eight hours nine hours two
minutes
akise going on here's the thing man I
think you got to stop playing Friday the
13th because then we're streaming you're
downloading and you're playing an online
game all right I think we just got a
jibber for a bit all right that's what
I'm gonna say that might not be what you
want to hear yeah it might be right
what's with the beta I don't know moves
left 4 dead 2 backup in there I get one
that keeps going back down why does the
bait I don't think do I have the beta
left 4 dead yeah like I don't have the
beta installed you don't need it
installed
so how about that Star Wars how does one
play with you all that's a great
question I actually don't know how the
left 4 dead 2 multiplayer works so we
will find out how one plays with us I
mean it looks like I'm getting an
absolutely terrible speed well what are
you getting you're getting he's going up
you're only getting you're only getting
a hundred kilobytes per second where I'm
at 4.5 megabytes per second why that's a
great question why I mean you are also
streaming from that computer and I'm
also downloading here we've downloaded
shit while we stream before it wasn't
terrible
double-check your download settings and
just make sure that you don't have like
a steam settings downloads I assume
limit bandwidth - no no limit okay
No Limit soldier oh wait wait wait go
back to that actually it said something
it's a throttled downloads while
streaming that probably means while
streaming off steam but a just in case
just in case and actually your bubbles
going down no you're going up well the
time it's going down yeah the time is
going down you're you are now 700
kilobytes per second six hundred
kilobytes per second okay did something
great I am and it's me I'm hogging all
the bandwidth because I started
downloading firsts because that's how
that works
it's still at hours though it is still
at hours I don't know how viable this is
rich we had a plan and pub G ruined in
the end I know they did I got these
Computers here we're all set up to do
something together yep yep can we at
least the exciting download action now
because who knows what we want to do
with our computer ok so what can we talk
about we can talk about stuff and things
I think we needed a plan I honestly
think we need a new plan well we're at
six hours supposedly for this left4dead
download yeah uh-huh
seven gigabytes it's so weird uh-huh
there's several online games I can play
you know y'all want to play some Team
Fortress 2 with me I'll go to your
download queue just to see if this how
that happened and hit the X on the left
4 dead 2 beta just and if the X I'm bad
- well that's not coming in that's bad
well it's back in it's back up top well
you just put it on top and wants to
download that beta so I hit that X again
it'll come back huh okay it'll come back
watch see well no no I hit the X
yeah it's fine it's fine everything's
fine
no it's not fine it's fine five hours 56
minutes okay great then we just got to
talk for five hours and 56 minutes I
don't think that's gonna be a thing it's
not gonna last night we need we need a
new plan let's see what we got here
let's make the plan a chat I did not
watch the recent mirror episode of Star
Trek discovery because I legitimately
canceled my subscription to CBS all
access because I don't care enough about
Star Trek discovery to continue watching
it at this moment mm-hmm and neither did
I I did not watch the new episode of
Star Trek because I also didn't yeah I
was explaining to Lisa your your your
theory okay the thing you were talking
about last time that videos up Oh Mike's
theory oh yeah Mike and was that in the
video did you watch it I think it's in
the video okay so we can we can freely
talk about it yeah Mike had this theory
that at the end of Star Trek discovery
at the end of the mid-season break they
ended up teleporting someplace unknown
and rich was explaining to me Mike's
theory that maybe that was the mirror
universe and I I brought this up to Lisa
who watched the entire first half of the
season with me and I said oh hey I was
talking to rich and he had this really
interesting theory about the mirror
universe and she's like what and I said
oh remember do you remember at the end
of Star Trek discovery how how they they
tell him one last teleport got in it and
she's like I don't remember that and
like Lisa and I love Star Trek and were
big sci-fi fans and she's like she has
most of that show has removed itself
from her head yeah yeah okay and and so
I was I was like do you want to get
another free trial and watch more maybe
when the season's over we'll binge it
again but it's just one of those was it
Mike's theory that they teleported out
of the mirror universe and into the ring
right which is a really interesting
theory but I don't care enough to see if
it's true
yes myk's myk's theories that we're
seeing kind of the beginnings of the
evilness of the mirror universe like
like the mirror universe was the normal
Federation but then something happens
right and it turns into the the weird
evil imperial system we saw in the
mirror universe which would make sense
given how militaristic the Star Trek
Discovery has been yes so like oh that
would kind of make sense but then that
would almost like shit on the first half
of the first season entirely to be like
these were the bad guys let's see if
they can be the good-good like you get
the season four and it's emperor lark up
right uses a spore drive technology to
essentially you know eliminate the
powers that there are in the Federation
and take over and yeah yeah I think
that's really fascinating I just I have
to echo rich here where it's just I
don't care I don't care about anyone on
that ship I don't care about the ship
itself I thought like the idea of the
spore drive was an interesting thing
sci-fi II thing but you know that's more
like what first x-men it's nice that
that to me like the spore drive is a is
a maybe a two-parter episode of a Star
Trek so they explain why everyone has a
goatee in the mirror verse okay it was
only Spock had the goatee and there was
a very specific reason they gave evil
Spock a goatee it's because there's an
audience member watching Star Trek in
1960 and you're not your name
familiar with the concept of alternate
dimensions right they needed to show
that this was not the Spock we know and
they needed to do it in a quick and easy
manner and yes hey he's got a goatee
that's weird and then that Clues you in
that this isn't our normal Spock yes
added bonus if you also put a big scar
on his face like like the uniform
differences somebody could miss that
yeah but Spock walks in with a goatee
well that's weird that's what's going on
with spot I know what a Spock looks like
and that doesn't look like one right and
it's something I didn't know is that
invented the goatee is the evil one
trope yep which i think is hilarious I
love that I love that that's where that
came from
oh these are evil one and technically I
don't I don't mean to be a nitpicker
here but I believe what Scott what's
evil Spock had is not a goatee mm-hmm
it's a VanDyke yeah yeah a goatee
just a bit is just the bottom on the
chin the Van Dyke is when they mustache
it connects to the chin so I don't want
to get like he's super nit picky because
everyone just calls it a goatee you've
succeeded huh you've succeeded I guess
what I'm saying is like I like what I
basically want to say is I'm correct but
I'm also trying to be humble about it
aye aye aye I understand that I'm just
super humble about me being right all
the time that's what I'm trying to say
that's right and plink it's a review of
episode 1 you can see Jack from the
mirror universe because I have hair and
a beard that's true so what does shaggy
from scooby-doo have well it's just that
his chin so he has a goatee that's what
a goatee is yeah and actually shaggy
depending on the angle he might only
have like a soul patch right or does he
have the full goatee I'm not sure thanks
big Bush great did you I have not read
the Waterworld comics yeah I don't want
the Waterworld comics in my mind are so
beautiful that I don't want to read them
and be disappointed but also for as a
Christmas gift she did give me as she
found a Waterworld t-shirt so keep it
keep an eye out for the next best of the
worst that I'm on I'm gonna have a
Waterworld t-shirt so are what's what's
the consensus are we waiting an hour
from left 4 dead 2 that's a great
question
rich let's uh let's just get through the
tips first and then we'll know got a
good decision here let's see here ima
420 are says I just finished off to be
the wizard the first in magic 2.0 series
that's cute book heard about it on some
older prereq stream great book can't
wait for the rest well there you go
second ones decent I haven't gotten
around to the other books yet though so
the the magic 2.0 is a universe it's a
few of them there's like four maybe five
by now I'm not sure okay that's cool I
currently I've given up on Oryx and
Crake as you guys know I've been trying
to find a couple of new things and I
finally decided to listen to the next
audiobook in the Dirk Gently series and
so I'm currently listening to long dark
teatime of the soul
once again narrated by
Douglas Adams's yeah I don't know I
almost forgot his name for a second
once again narrated by Douglas Adams and
it has been a joy it's like six and a
half hours of a lovely British man
doesn't rich have a single-player game
we could we got it we got to talk about
this yeah
I'm it's a waste we've we've got a set
up here where Jack brought his computer
in yeah just so we could play co-op pub
Jean that's a whole thing it's all
there's a whole thing that happened on
computer and so we're trying to make it
work but we have at least 40 minutes
until it works and so we're just seeing
we're just you know we're taking our
taki time now yeah
taking the talk of time see if that
timer magically goes down I'm gonna
fluctuates right now we're at 38 right
so we'll get there mr. butch we stopped
playing pub G because they are doing
server maintenance so we stopped playing
pub G because we can't though to be
frank we were just getting in the groove
we got two games in and we were getting
in the groove fuck my walk yeah it was
terrible timing on our part and their
part so there you go let's see here rich
yes says anonymous loved the Star Trek
discovery review more importantly they
say love the STD review yeah so do get
it what are your thoughts on Star Trek 3
it has all these iconic moments but the
plot is nuts
why does Vulcan mysticism exist ain't
there that's always been made to be
logic and science well they they hand
that and handle it a little bit in the
original series with the amok time
episode whole mating ceremony thing and
the ritualistic combat it's so it's kind
of Vulcan mysticism has always been
there sure yeah it's a it's a
contradiction in my bark sure
which one it was which was three again
other Klingons blow planet let me know
throughout a planet that's going to blow
up and they killed Kirk son and and
Spock comes back from the dead because
it's the Genesis planet from the end of
Star Trek to oh it's the search for
Spock the search for Spock is what
everyone wanders around a planet and
then Spock just goes back to life and
then some Klingons killed Kirk's son I
don't know why and then they'll leave
after Kirk steals a spaceship okay
alright I I haven't that's it's probably
been the longest since I've seen that
one it's it doesn't that sound like a
fun movie to watch yeah at the time it
was the worst thing but Star Trek said
somebody lows since then sure five the
next gen movies you know in the darkness
oh man into darkness sucked so hard so
hard it was a former low point though
remember when this was the lowest we
thought Star Trek could sink was
probably always Spock's brain the
original series episode where people
steal Spock's brain about what race
literally steals Spock's brain so it can
run their supercomputer Society and is
it a brain in a jar its brain like a
machine okay and so they need to give
Spock his brain back and it takes Spock
with and they're kind of like piloting
Spock's body with like a remote control
that sounds like the most fun episode
ever
it's for the SH luckiest things they did
yes they're controlling Spock's body
with rowing a big joystick
that's great
that's beautiful let's see here
Gustave Courbet low for Cheney says
thank you for the content hoping you
play left 4 dead and sit on some zombies
hopefully somewhere hopefully someone
has you all clips riches epic Def Jam
we're up to 58 minutes on the left for
dead to download but I'm down to 16
because if mine gets done downloaded
there's more bandwidth for you how big
is it 7.5 gigabytes
do we have a flash drive that's at least
8 do you think that'll work I think yes
I like I like the cut I like the cutting
of them jibs yeah exactly
or else I'll just start playing in the
bridge it's very possible in my backpack
right here ok
so you get then on flash drive
no I'll cancel this download wait don't
cancel because I don't know if I have
one I usually carry a spare flash drive
with me but this is a new backpack so I
might not have one in here but flash
drive doesn't make it faster what do you
well no well that's download is almost
done so rather than waiting an hour for
mind download when Jack is done we plug
in the little USB Drive move it from
drag Jack's hard drive make copy
directly under the flash and then load
that into my computer rather than
waiting for this because the transfer
speeds on the flash drive will be faster
than the download speeds is the theory
but we need to see if we can find a
flash drive first
right that's right over there I don't
know how big their back this summer
there you go there's some over there
don't can't tell you your download
though we are on the same land together
I don't see how that would help plug
this into a laptop first if there's
anything on there it's probably nothing
what is that on there I might have used
that as a installed flash in which I
don't really need anymore
I'm with you and if I need it I can make
another one so the other one might be
blank they'll flat out blank it's one
half dozen or the other right not that
one let's try the other one
pink polka pink right oh yeah there's a
bunch of shit on this one nope both of
them are seven gigs okay and we need
seven
oh that yeah that and that could do it
what's that one we act we have a ton of
thunder oh this one is a hundred and
twenty eight gigs is it I'm going to
assume that's gonna work any interest in
overwatch League yeah I'll probably
catch a few matches I will probably
catch a few matches it's always fun to
watch awesome games done quick is going
on that's I've been watching a little
bit of that I've been listening to that
while I've been grinding out some of the
Dead Rising unlockable shit oh yeah did
the zombie genocide err but the what all
right in the beginning of the game they
they they kind of in dialogue or you see
a sign it says what the population of
the town the game takes place in is okay
and zombie genocide er is when you kill
that many zombies kill zombies totaling
the population of the town sure and that
unlocks you know the Mega Buster in that
game where shoots out the tennis balls
oh yeah it unlocks a real version of
that that shoots out destructive beams
of energy that decimate bosses of course
yeah that's really funny yeah that's
very very funny there was a game I think
left for dead I think the first one has
an achievement zombie genocide err err
and it's one higher if it's left for
dead it's another zombie game but I
think it's left for dead oh that's great
alright don't cancel your download
because another thing people keep saying
is we can do this via our land
which actually might be a faster
transfer speed than the USB to networks
and passwords probably easier just to do
it so I'm just gonna because we're just
gonna download anyway let me just see if
I can figure that out
did you see Mario io AI playing Mario
yeah I did it's kind of underwhelming
it's a stream going on yeah right now of
this artificial intelligence that's
basically learning how to play Super
Mario Brothers from scratch really
through trial and error is just hitting
every wallet again yeah until it finds
the correct really slow and learning
what's you know it's gonna be great
is watching the time-lapse of that when
it's all done you know world one two
alone took it like 15 days really watch
the time-lapse of it doing all the
failings I'd love to see a chart yeah I
think they're currently at like seven
days and it's trying to get through four
one three
there you go
okay great
can I see your mouse can I see your
mouse please thank you you know if
you're doing networks
we're still here
and there we go
there we go rich alright this will work
alright alright go ahead bring us back
bring us back rich we're back alright we
can we can transfer via network we're
living in the future
are you sure how long is that gonna take
though I think that's shorter alright I
think but I mean really we're talking
we're talking minutes at this point
we're saving us minutes because mine
keeps fluctuating you remember back when
I said I was at 16 minutes I'm now it's
17 minutes so we're fluctuating we're
getting there
we're getting there though fucking pub G
we hit fucking pub G rich the best laid
plans of mice and men often play time
and by the time we get the switchover
you could have you could have gotten an
hour of play time in so I'm very sorry
it's alright it's alright it's okay
let's see here let's see those
Anonymous's love the stream question for
rich yeah did you like Rainn Wilson as
mud his main episode was pretty fun and
the most Star Trek EE IMO yeah Rainn
Wilson was a good everybod yeah the
ending of that was just like a whiplash
though because this Harry Mudd it's kind
of homicidal yeah and he's been
murdering the crew over and over again
because of the time repeat thing yeah
yeah
none of the end they just haha we were
given back to his ex-wife ha ha ha that
silly it so didn't fit it was jarring
yes yeah it was they plugged their
characters into an already written Star
Trek episode and it didn't quite feel
right but that was a very Star Trek II
episode a weird space-time anomaly that
we have to use yeah it was better when T
and G did it yeah
and they went more like like
step-by-step how they figured things out
in the in the Harry Mudd
episode of Discovery they just they
established that there was a time lady
we're just gonna head we don't need to
see all the steps yeah and and that was
the best episode of Star Trek discovery
so here we are you know there were there
were a couple neat ideas in there what I
you know it what it felt like I thought
was the first season nine episodes or
the Hat first half of the season was
nine episodes and it felt like there
were four good TNG episode somewhere
spread out in those nine episodes
discovering oh really
you know like I liked you know they go
down to the planet that has the little
transmitter like over there that was
like a neat alien planet thingy tip
typically in TNG you care if characters
live or die sure even guest stars if any
cast member of Discovery were killed off
would you bat an eye
would you would you care no yeah epic
Jason we don't we don't need any do mods
but thank you
no no I'm familiar with the concept of
do mods but thank you we appreciate it I
have some yeah you played before no I
don't care about it well that's what I'm
saying is the premises of the episode of
the Star Trek Discovery episodes there
were some good premises in there but I
agree with you that I don't care about
the characters
also the handsome pilot that they rescue
he has no chin pilot or the handsome
officer security security officer the
handsome security officer who he has no
chin and it's very bothering to me I'm
very very bothering I said in the review
discussion with Mike that he's he's
gonna die before the end of the season
because he's such a blatant just love
interest for Michael and he has no
character of his own so I called him
dying before the end of the season I was
reading comments I think I think
somebody nailed it what his deal is he's
that one Klingon guy surgically altered
maybe with his memories fuss with
remember the torchbearer guy that female
Klingon was in do but she said this
other guys taking over we got to do
something with you cuz they're gonna
kill you I think it was surgically
turning into that guy for some reason
because that's that that's the prisoner
she was sleeping with and the
torchbearer she was in love with him oh
sure
so the reveals gonna be that he's the
Klingon guy sure that's not bad
yeah it's not bad that's not a bad
that's not a bad theory the the Klingon
plot isn't doing anything for me anyway
right
so lame a lot of things about the show
are lame we have not seen neither I
wasn't lying in the review when I said I
canceled my CBS all access I don't give
a shit about the show right
they failed in my eyes to get me
interested nine episodes should be
enough I love how it still says playing
pub G in the bottom left well we tried
we tried I watched the first maybe four
episodes of Orville and it wasn't
necessarily my thing I hear it gets
better it gets better and I hear they're
going even sci-fi ear in the next season
mm-hmm I hate looking at Seth MacFarland
I hate it yeah but you know it wasn't
bad I think I might have enjoyed that a
little more than discovery mm-hmm but
because I got i binge discovery like
I've watched all episodes where as Orval
I was watching as they came out so I
kind of teetered off but you know can i
gift you a CBS subscription well you you
could but you see the reason I cancelled
it is because I don't care to watch more
discovery so you could gift it to rich
but he probably won't use it like if
mike wants to talk about it some more at
some point if if there happens I'll
binge it when the seasons done probably
yeah and well that's the way to do it
just wait so the seasons on get get your
one week free trial and binge it I'm
gonna cancel I'm not dying to keep
current on the show right right none of
the first nine episodes of TNG were any
good to be honest yeah that's true
that's true but at least it felt like it
was trying to be Star Trek and it didn't
feel like it hated the very concept of
Star Trek III even came into the end
Jason I am convinced that the producer
or producers of the show will just that
and I got this Star Trek license we
gotta do something with that oh god I
hate Star Trek hey you know what let's
fix it
you you think it was the Zack Snyder
situation yeah Zack Snyder has openly
said he hates Superman
I think they hated Star Trek this is
their there's no shame because in their
mind they're fixing it and that just
makes me that much sicker
I don't know if I can fix this Star Trek
oh god I don't know if I got that vibe I
don't know if I'm down with that vibe
but yeah this game is great we're really
enjoying the download game you got seven
minutes left I got all I got 21 minutes
left
we're getting there we are getting there
we're probably only gonna get like an
hour of left 4 dead 2 in we could just
say the hell with it and do something
else and then we can do thing will you
bring your computer and some of it sorry
I can bring in my computer understand
but we're almost there rich we just need
about 20 more minutes of gibbering about
Star Trek well here we have some tips
some of them ima for 20 ours has got to
share this story
I stole long dark teatime of the soul
from jail I was there for paternity
tests cop asked me cop asked me why I
had it when I left and I told him I
hadn't finished it yet you stole
something from jail that's crazy
some crash between balls and stupidity
right though that is very that's very
much something that Dirk Gently would do
is just take a book because he thought
he should have it so far like I'm about
halfway through the audiobook for it and
so far it is just lovely I'm really
enjoying him for no other reason than
just getting to listen to Douglas Adams
tell me tell me his story fanciful
British man tell me a story so I had to
stop at the other day I was listening to
it while getting some like folding
laundry or something and and and my my
nine-year-old comes in and nobody listen
to it oh it's that audio book someone
just tells your story well that sounds
mean can I listen sure go ahead
and a spoiler alert for long dark
teatime of the soul but Thor and Odin
are in it and so he's talking about Thor
and what Thor is up to and my
nine-year-old is like whoa is this an
Avengers book yeah I know it's the Thor
is this
how do I explain oh god how do I explain
who Thoris and Thor is just this you
know old character he's in a lot of
books this isn't the same Thor or maybe
it is and that's how I get him to read
these books I am a for 20 hours cigar oh
here's the rest of his story guard
shushed me and told me to put it in my
pocket
he helped me commit a crime so you're
there for a paternity test and he's take
a book and I haven't finished this yet
and he's like yeah go ahead go ahead
take it that's great and I'm glad to
hear you are no deadbeat dad as well
that's really funny Norse mythology is a
good listen does Neil Gaiman does Neil
Gaiman uh read that because I believe it
I would believe it crazy Nate 999 says
rich yeah how about a Dead Rising 2 mod
were these zombies 'as bodies don't
disappear after you take them out just a
mess of slaughtered zombie bodies
everywhere that accumulate through the
whole game the chaos and you know it I
think that's kind of a point yeah I mean
at a certain point your computer would
crash because it would be on here
rendered that body sure right could be
funny though no I'll just be a mess like
you can't get it anything you just like
crawl
it'd be funny rich it would be funny ah
let's see here what's the worst movie
you can think of off the top of your
head that you would recommend someone to
watch preferably something that causes
physical and emotional pain which is
which the worst movie that you can think
of off the top of your head that you
would recommend someone to watch
preferably something that causes
physical and emotional for the specific
purpose of hurting somebody things yes
have them watch things they will be
broken it's the worst it's the worst and
it's constantly you constantly think
that at any moment they're gonna turn it
around and turn it into an actual
something that resembles an actual movie
and they never do it's just the worst
things wasn't there something we watch
the best of the worst recently that was
awful you know there's a lot of things
so do you mean the the alien abduction
one that was pretty bad shot on VHS one
that was just terrible that was recent
feeders feeders that's a mess some
things probably were still yeah
replicator right and what's to keep them
from just walking away and not finishing
right right
did you know that professor Kern artists
in Dirk Gently is a Time Lord his name
is Sylvain vo in Doctor Who he was
hiding out on earth to escape the Time
Lord fuzz that would make sense
I believe Douglas Adam wrote some Doctor
Who all right maybe yes maybe he tried
to I don't know they ever used any of
your scripts
oh maybe yeah I don't know I think I
think the 3rd hitchhiker bunk wasn't
gonna unused Doctor Who script he wrote
oh is that it
yeah I think it is just worse that's the
worst book of a hitchhiker
whoa probably because it was formatted
specific well I wrote this all I'm gonna
use it that's great
you know what that's just great he was
the script editor for a year or two okay
okay Oh
Douglas Adams heard a shit-ton for Tom
Baker in the 70s okay what's good good
good I only remember hearing that in
passing probably from some one of you in
the chat so well my doctor who knowledge
is terribly limited right terribly
limited there there there is currently
no project Hornet update that we can
share but there is a project Hornet
update that I have forgotten to share
with rich okay actually I don't know if
I can if I can do this right now I might
be able to actually oh I might be able
to it yeah see you're almost done do we
just try and slide that whole thing over
here let's just see what your download
speed goes to oh no it's not on that
oh I'm currently at like 25 so yeah
let's just see what happens rich fucking
fucking pub G and they're updating the
best laid plans my friend the best laid
plans and our plan wasn't necessarily
the best but it was a solid plan yeah no
yeah we had a solid plan I shouldn't let
you played your your humans falling down
game I wanted to play I wanted to play
the the gay human fall flats I think
it's called everyone would have hated it
the press I didn't even look at it and I
know everyone would have hated it first
of all everyone would have hated it like
for real everyone would have hated it
all right I'm about to show rich
something I can't show you people in the
chat yet but I'm gonna show rich
something so we can get his reaction
live on camera it's gonna be great it's
gonna be do that's pretty good one
okay I think that I think the other
picture is better and something is
coming to us yeah good good
yeah wait to see the other picture I
don't enjoy your suffering but oh yeah
look at this one there was one there's
one particular picture that really
captures it that captures the spirit of
Project Hornet that's not it but in any
case Project Hornet is moving along
nicely nicely welcome thanks for
catching a stream thanks for saying I'm
cool too I think so
Oh your network uses just just what is
happening to your network usage I don't
know man we've already made it this far
I'm done downloading now but now you're
getting some decent no no not what is
happening it doesn't know what the
fucking it's doing
you're so close do we really want to
stop it and then if it doesn't work I'll
eat everything right play human phone
well we will do human fall flat another
day we will because that that looks like
a very very silly game to stream I'm
going we're just going to do it okay
all right 21 1835 it just going all over
the fucking place it doesn't know what
it's doing right pause pause alright let
me get that thumb drive removed remove
you're doing it we're doing it fuck it I
just plugged the hard drive ins in my
computer and my hard drive I mean thumb
drive so where do I find this where do I
find this hold on I'm trying to find
this mime wonderful are you looking for
man what are you looking for the
location where I need to put this yeah
well you need to give me the location I
need to take it from as well oh you just
go to the steam folder and there should
be a like steamapps and common sure it's
steam folder steam apps steam folder
where's the steam folder you might have
no Program Files Oh
that's not gonna be a documents don't go
to your harddrive burn up house sure did
okay then this one so then I just take
this whole folder right yeah copy
well were you moving it into the doctor
what hard drive
did you sp hard drive oh you're doing it
for you to speak I think you'd want to
do this via the network uh this might be
safer hold on there okay can I get rid
of all this stuff on here it's already
on that drive yeah the flash yeah sure
I'm not sure what's on did you get rid
of it do you see what's on there if you
mute us I'll tell you I don't know if I
can say what's on there
in some Star Wars movies when I had the
the marathon stream while back and
watching movies with the Chad right what
you said that they're gonna think it's
like a huge pornography collection Jack
it was a huge pronounce the Empire
Strikes Back which heard of the Jedi in
a new hope fuck's sake
this guy Thank You Longridge
you aren't you already study stopped
your download already yeah I told you I
told you not to
I told we're at zero percent complete
it's only a gigabytes
well let's try you even know forget it
all right I just paused it I think I
don't think I maybe I did and we're
gonna fucking just pause it I didn't
delete it I wanted to make sure this is
gonna work first oh good yeah start
downloading again oh good Jesus Christ
because thumb drives it looks this thumb
drive apparently is a USB - yeah a very
slow transfer speed so we're getting a
little - with a - yeah 13:03 has much
higher transfer speeds this - we are we
are rocking approximately five to eight
megabytes per second which is very
similar to what we downloaded and so it
is transferring it we have about 30
minutes to transfer to the thumb drive
just cancel that yeah we're just gonna
cancel that we only have nine minutes
waiting from steam one match we're gonna
get one match in and this might go down
in history the most pathetic stream as a
most pathetic stream we've ever
thank you all for being here with us by
the way thanks player unknown that's the
the hazards can they roll this out
slowly change a few servers here and
summer site I get you know I guess to
them than what they're thinking from
from their point of view they're saying
hey anyone who's playing our game
they're keeping up with the latest news
with us they're following us on the
social media so like we're just gonna
give them tons of warning oh it might be
at one point our USB connection you
might be right the H because we were
getting five to eight megabits per
second we're gonna get one round of left
for dead end it's gonna be great we're
gonna have a great time this is multiple
people's first stream Jack really
welcome let them get used to the
technical difficulties if it's one thing
here's the thing our internet connection
is actually really good here yeah I
don't know what the fuck is going on why
this is taking so long but we are
streaming there's a lot of there's a lot
of bits we processed we have frequently
quickly downloaded 8 gigabyte games like
shortly before we streamed that's true
we've done that multiple times that's
very true
glad this is my first stream this is how
it works
welcome get you first of all get used to
it because it happens okay okay let's
see here Thor takus is hijack and rich
rich which comedians can capture the
comedic ramblings of George Carlin today
nobody can do that Doug Stanhope is the
closest I think keep up the great work
nobody and you can't just replace
someone like that no well and it's like
with Carlin it wasn't just his timing he
had a persona he had a new point he had
a whole thing he had a stick and
replacing him and his shtick is gonna be
difficult and I don't think anyone's
looking
yeah bill burr might be the closest but
bill Berg has has more of a fuck
everyone kind of attitude which I guess
is George was George Carlin but yeah you
know I'd give it to Bill burr he's got a
decent fuck everyone wasn't fuck
everyone for George Carlin it was
everything is rotten yeah and that's
just the way it is let's bill brick yeah
let's bill burr everyone's an idiot and
except for me
chip old Lord Chipotle says potential
discovery spoilers it's fine there is a
fan a theory that the show is an origin
story for section 31 I don't give a shit
about that the black uniforms are
similar to the ones in DSi and Laura's
resemblance to Sloane and and SNCC 10:31
what section 31 wrench Deep Space nine
they were like a secret organization
within the Federation and they were kind
of unethical chat I don't think that
louis c.k is taking up the george carlin
mystic louis c.k kind of has like an
everyday an everyman shrug about him
that wasn't Carlin's bit Karlin was not
the everyman he was smarter than the
everyman
section 31 isn't interesting enough for
me to get excited about our origin story
for section 31 sure sure
let's see here insert clever username
here says was Star Wars meant to be
fleshed out like it is right now it
seems as if they're running out of
things to do
oh shit you know we're moving past this
because I don't I bitch about Star Wars
enough yeah I guess like not not to
bitch but just remember that George
Lucas originally pictured the entire
story the the prequels to return of the
Jedi as one movie that that horse is
just it's just a couple of molecules
that's all that's left
oh yeah it's it's already growing into a
tree it's it's fertilizer for the tree
but but I guess what I'm saying is
George Lucas's already wanted it to be
big and then they just pared it down to
what the interesting part of the story
is with Star Wars before it was a new
hope it was Star Wars and ever since
then they've just been kind of running
on the steam of the Star Wars idea for
left 4 dead mod all zombies dressed up
in Star Trek discovery uniforms and you
just get to mow them down endlessly that
much yeah yeah just kind of like man it
just wasn't the greatest this is it's a
Star Trek show for people who hate Star
Trek and so obviously I'm not interested
in that as I like Star Trek right I'm
willing to just do something else in my
free time good let's see here crazy Nate
909 says Jack and rich this is the first
dream I've been on time to see ever so
sorry I'm so horribly sorry we tried and
we had a plan going in and it was an
exciting plan and it was like it was
going good we're gonna flip car
we're gonna end up shooting each other
in the back right and by the way so I
was performing adequately and then the
server's went down so boom
we failed twice rich brown Adam Sandler
Pub G servers are down we're downloading
left 4 dead 2 we have 2 minutes left on
the download but crazy Nate 909 says
thank you for making sure it is the most
pathetic stream ever still love you
though thank you thank you I haven't
played many of the Star Trek games if
people bring up a lead dangerous every
now and then like a shooter that's not
something I need to have take place in
the Star Trek universe it's like the
first place the trans setting for an FPS
Star Trek I think so
Star Trek works for adventure games
where you can investigate things yeah
yeah old-school adventure games that
could work something like bridge
commander I haven't played it but I
imagine that would work sure sure yeah
you never really the focus of Star Trek
was never really the intense phaser
battle right right yeah agreed I could I
could see something like a I'm trying to
think of a first-person shooter that's
not necessarily about the shooting but
that's more just about figure eight like
say here there's one game in particular
that I'm thinking of it's not
necessarily about the shooting but more
just about discovering the world about
you that that might be a good fit for
Star Trek but like you said an adventure
game
no I never played the Star Trek board
game there's a Star Trek board game borg
borg board game Metroid Prime was still
a lot of shooty but Metroid Prime did
have that awesome scanning mechanic
which would fit well in a Star Trek
thing yeah scanning stuff figuring out
you know how the stuff fits together
that could be nice is Star Trek is a
property I don't enjoy for the sake of
intense action right right you want to
be the smart guy that does the research
and figures it out I can solve this did
you play the board report I mean you
could you could make a Batman chess game
or just like in between crimes he just
sits in the Batcave and he plays chess
with Alfred it wouldn't be an especially
good use of the license that's kind of
how I feel about Star Trek
first of all you know someone's about to
make that Batman chess game right now
someone at WB just heard you go get out
it and we can make a couple bucks when
I'll forgets checkmate he says what do
we do when we fall so you can't move
that way we'll look tech Knight please
oh you did it it's done downloading on
that way shit start yours up yeah I
gotta take a pee break it's so exciting
shit we did it
