Trial by Fraud (pt 3)
April 25, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TBSUckpjVg

yeah this seems like straight-up
horseshit
he spoke of course he fucking beamed
away Oh what meet you
he's dead now was it us who was talking
about why Chicago is called the Windy
City yes that was us yes we have that
conversation does the chat know why
Chicago is called the Windy City or is
that a conversation we were having right
about on stream I don't even remember
what the answer was I've actually
forgotten already you've forgotten
already yeah well we it's it's the
conversation started because of why
Milwaukee is called the Cream City yeah
Milwaukee is known as the Cream City
because of our dairy products but
because we were a major manufacturer of
these cream colored bricks nobody
outside of Milwaukee knows that
Milwaukee's called the Cream City oh
really because they just don't give a
shit no I don't think I heard that until
I got here
Oh City I'm sitting we're Cream City
what the heck is that
Milwaukee's known as the Cream City at
least in Milwaukee because we
manufactured these wonderful cream
colored bricks and if you come to
Milwaukee you will see a lot of them
around and they're great but everyone
does know that Chicago is called the
Windy City and apparently it's because
people care about Chicago it's it's also
a much larger City announced apparently
it's it's not called the Windy City
because of the amount of wind in it it
is because it is known for what it's
gossip and newspapers
people in Milwaukee hate Chicago we do
know there there are rival there there
are rhyme you know you know what Chicago
thinks about Milwaukee huh don't they
don't it's a nice place up north so in
any case because of its gossip and
Chicago does not see Milwaukee as any
kind of competition you know what they
call Miller Park or home of the
Milwaukee Brewers like Wrigley North
they call they call it Wrigley North and
it's not even it's not even
mean-spirited it's because when the Cubs
are in town I hate the Cubs but when the
Cubs are in town to play the Brewers
more than half of the fucking fans in
the stands or word Cubs shit yeah that's
true
alright you got
I just want to know you know what here
kill me we're doing this again we're
doing this again that's fair I think
like for this level in particular you
need to you need to take out that bomb
guy first there's three on the back wall
and they're not easy to take out because
you got the ice guy shouldn't ice arrows
yeah nay wouldn't Minneapolis be
Chicago's competition
well no also here in Milwaukee we we're
far closer to Milwaukee
well Milwaukee's far closer to Chicago
we we also you know we are we consider
the Packers kind of to be our team as
well and so of course it's Green Bay but
it's it's the Bears play closer to
Milwaukee than the Green Bay Packers do
Jack let's tie that it's very true but
that's like it's like the state's team
you know and so that's a little bit of
where the rivalry comes from so
oh wait did I forget to oh you did I
forgot to do food residue food
get out of there rich get out of there
rich were you stoked to see Chicago take
the world I hate the Cubs let's talk
about 2005 when I was stoked to see the
White Sox win the World Series yeah it's
pretty stoked to see the White Sox win
the World Series oh there you go there
you go ah that's what they were
referring to yes okay bring - mm-hmm
that's a that's what they were pranking
uh uh uh game for quarters is are you
guys familiar with Oliver Harper and his
film retrospective whoo I am NOT I'm
sorry it took two years of asking but he
finally did a commentary for Battlefield
Earth with his partner Richard Jackson I
loved his work I mean I've not heard of
them
I'm glad you enjoy their work jack is
the one who said he wasn't into any kind
of sports I'm not I'm not into any kind
of sports whatsoever
I've always been vocal of my love of
minor-league baseball
yes very vocal
yeah and I just don't give I don't give
no fucks about yeah people playing
sports so seen the new Batman ninja
movie nope it's alright
valiant blood Jetsons have you guys
watched the trailers for the movies the
Meg or upgrade they look like total
schlock and I couldn't be happier about
it I've seen the trailer for upgrade
it's not like a sequel to idiocracy no
no upgrade is is almost like 80s action
movie Sherlock where a guy's family gets
killed and he gets paralyzed and they
put a computer in his brain to make him
stronger in fact looks like good good
fun like I don't know what the Meg is
sorry
whoa nice catch
where'd that BOGO I don't know
uh-huh meg is the one about the giant
shark oh no I don't know that one
sorry I don't know that one I don't
think it's gonna happen for me tonight
jack
you beat the first try so that's I know
that's something so you know you got a
little bit maybe they'll just be my
final try here okay sure sure how long
we've been going it's 9:00 so you know
like three plus the showers I think I
think you started before 6:00 yeah today
so we're at three and a half hours okay
that time I died and I all said and done
okay
I'll be close
then PC next door or the NPC next door
which makes way more sense says been
watching rlm for eight years but first
time tipper the best way to parry a
Guardians laser is to parry at the exact
moment the laser is finishing powering
up what is what does that mean what
signifies how do you know what is the
power woman
I don't know rich is that the big proof
of energy before it stars is that when
the poof it's the eye and it glows is
that the ding what is the pilot I
usually wait until the pluie forgets its
biggest then I press but usually I'm
also really close to the Guardian I've
had my most luck waiting for the ding
yeah just you know just you you you're
doing pretty okay tonight so I say do it
a lot of people in chat are saying ding
what's that ding gobbledygook says read
an article saying full motion video
gaming making a comeback are there
really new full motion video games
coming out I dropped a lot of good
weapons over the edge
would you ever consider producing video
content for visual novels teach rich
Japanese I know jokes when I hear them
it's that I produce anything that people
pay me for but I doubt anyone would pay
me for that so quince Omni acts as
frauds I was in my screenwriting class
today and had a joke in my draft about
the Catwoman movie I'm a hack the
professor said his old boss wrote that
movie I was embarrassed for all of us
fart no he got paid for which the
Catwoman movie you can't be too
embarrassed getting paid to write a
Hollywood movie because you know you've
wrote a Hollywood movie and that is in
itself something
nice nice
Oh Oh he's a good shot that was a good
shot man
shut up Jack no I will not shut up it's
kind of my job to talk about stuff and I
think there's no shit oh shit oh shit I
can't believe you pulled that out yeah
that's great
and I think there's a there's a lot of
people here who you know maybe have
aspirations for making movies and write
movies and fuck man the person who wrote
the Catwoman wrote one more movie than
you did like boom make it make your
dreams happen if you can write a better
movie than do it
yeah go get that treasure chest see
what's in it use your magnet
no this does not apply to M night
Shyamalan or Neil Breen yes it does
Neil Breen has made more movies than you
this is true do something about it do
something about it don't let your dreams
be dreams that's right oh can you do it
oh wait okay now wait oh there you go
just the one corner that's how you do it
nice beer fine just do it that's right
you can do it that's why you know like
Len our good good friend Len
mr. mr. Chavez insky he doesn't make
good movies but you know what he does he
makes a lot of them mm-hmm
that man works he is working for his
dang movies you know why because he
wanted to make movies and so he did
nicely done wrench yet today see you're
far enough away you have to have a
little bit of delay afternoon ding
that's right that's right
you did a great job there
we did it and says the cast and crew of
roller Gator they did they did though
you joke but they did it I don't know
you know making any movie making any
movie is an accomplishment yeah what's
there there's a saying there's a saying
which is uh even if you came in last
place
you're still faster than the guy in the
couch suck on that Internet
Oh rich they're saying don't forget the
ferry how do we get this let Len flex in
ski says just doing something isn't an
accomplishment doing something well is I
disagree I respectfully disagree Len
sometimes sometimes all that matters is
just doing something here's the thing
though
yeah when it comes to this kind of thing
you're only gonna get better by doing
yeah you're not gonna get better not
moving
boom boom
when's last movie I what better than
some of the previous ones he's made yeah
yeah he's gotten experience he's gotten
better mm-hmm yeah yeah he has he has
gotten better and you know not they're
doing something poorly is you know doing
anything is still an accomplishment when
compared to doing nothing I think I
really think that's true
what about Tommy Wiseau he's made more
movies than you he made a very famous
movie
don't forget to cook rich don't forget
it what you miss 100% of the movies you
don't make said Wayne Garfunkel hockey
man that's right that's right I believe
in doing things poorly do them poorly
all the time all right what are you
gonna cook man if you're gonna cook
General Health I guess yeah yeah
when's this open-world bullshit gonna go
out of style I think it already is kind
of out of style there's plenty of non
open-world games out there your your
your dooms your Wolfenstein z-- your God
of War is you're a bunch of other games
that I already came out don't have open
worlds Jack I don't like this attitude
is my point but whatever and I am a
positive person Len flack sinski I'm a
positive person that has made a slight
success out of myself by doing shit that
I was unqualified to do I did shit that
I was unqualified to do
I started making little videos I had no
idea what I was doing I just was having
some fun and I made some shitty ass
videos and then I kept doing I made
better and that's all I'm saying is
sometimes the very act of doing is
better than doing nothing
we're not rewarding people for being
mediocre we're rewarding people for
trying in general and then you know if
they make something mediocre you call it
mediocre mediocre mediocre no one's
gonna say lenss movies are good because
you know they ain't
Jack stop being so positive it bums out
the pessimists nope I know I know it was
and I don't care I wanna hi let's rock
and roll
Jack how did you feel when a video of
yours gained over 1,000 views that first
time that was a big deal that was a big
deal back in the day there was a you
know when when YouTube started to become
a oh those are pants when YouTube became
a thing it was like hey we have this
video should we put it on YouTube oh I
don't know like we weren't sure if we
were gonna put our video on YouTube when
when YouTube was a new thing Wow well
right cuz it was still like no one knew
what it was at the time like yeah I
guess we'll put it up on YouTube we'll
see if anything happens and then yeah
you get like that that first couple
hundred views and you're like oh we're
like a hundred people saw my video well
fun
how fun then you get spoiled home and
you get spoiled yeah we get a couple
successes under it yeah okay what's that
what's owed this video only got a couple
hundred thousand views fuck that fuck
that I'm sorry jack that's alright these
are the highs the highs and lows right
the highs and lows
I'm not seeing any treasure chests here
not getting any rumblings nope so we're
done right do it great do it do it uh
these levels super easier is rich just
that good well you might have missed it
I've had a bad string of luck lately
mm-hmm I ran through the first set of
level levels pretty easily yeah I think
that level specifically once you know
what you're looking out for is pretty
easy which has played these a couple
times already so he kind of knows like
this one wants sure but you knew what
you were looking for with like the fire
bats and yeah yeah so I think they get
easier once you know what you're looking
for
it's okay Len flex in ski I don't take a
special exception to your negativity I
understand where you're coming from
believe in yourself
what books am i listening to I just
started we are legion we are Bob how do
you feel about that one I just started I
like I I'm not even I'm barely like a
chapter in like I haven't got very far
but but I know you've recommended that
and it sounded like a fun listen I don't
like I can't do what you do where I like
listening to stuff while I play a game
yes and so like I haven't gotten to and
I've had some work that I'm finishing up
so now I'm done with some some edits and
I'm almost done with God of War so I'll
have a lot more time to listen to finish
up we are legion we're bomb which I'm
looking forward to and then next on my
list is uh I'm gonna forget it again the
Michelle McNamara into the long dark a
long way into the dark
it's terrifying terrifying he's got a
horde difficult to know I'll be gone in
the dark Thank You Moki the the true
crime novel I will be gone in the dark
is next on my list
no I'm not finding God afford difficult
I'm finding it difficult to stay awake
during the momentous amount of cutscenes
they're not cutscenes Jeff or its
gameplay the talky talks during the
talky talks the talk he talks have me
not even so much story so I've been
talking man someone's like talking how
do I like Oryx and Crake I didn't finish
it so obviously I didn't like it very
much I really wanted to finish it but I
I didn't I didn't so I didn't it's like
a movie it is like a movie how are the
walking and talking bits compared to
fire watch this is a really important
question and I'm sure fire watch is
gonna come up fire watch you can finish
in like two hours I'm at like hour 25 of
God of War so imagine the two hours but
spread out tenfold
it's so much longer
goodnight more totem Juggalo faces says
seeing rich have to take a moment in the
other room to collect himself made me
think Jack I've never seen you angry
like at all so film in what are your
worst gamer rage moments I don't know if
I have any gamer Rage moments like I'm
pretty chill so you if I have anything
that really makes me upset I just turn
it off and do something else like my
gamer rage moments are not playing the
thing that makes me upset oh my god you
just stepped into a fire
yeah but if you if you guys have watched
best of the worst you've seen me yell at
stuff I yell nice COBOL did break my
heart that didn't make me a shit I'm
pretty usually pretty pretty calm and
patient dude
oh yeah rich like take a moment eat some
food man
you need some horts
you need some hoards man well there
isn't a horse sheriff show right I just
internalized all that anger maybe that's
it maybe that's it
molecular Lionel
phalion bloodshot says would you guys
ever played the original god of war on
stream i played the hell out of the
first two games back in the day the
third one was where it started to fail
for me I was never fan like for for me I
wouldn't mind playing the the first one
on stream I played when the first one
came out I played it and beat it and
enjoyed it well enough I'd put that up
there with kind of dynasty warriors as
fun mindless beat him up schlocky games
so nice nice nice I never minded the
original gotta wear you know a little a
little QuickTime event E but but alright
that was that was the thing I liked
about those games is I I genuinely do
like mowing down hordes of enemy there
there there there was something
satisfying which probably couldn't get
past the Hydra oh yeah all those all
those exciting QuickTime events yeah I
did but the game just sucked compared to
G Gaiden and so I stopped playing it I
played Ninja Gaiden instead nice job
there rich thank you
I haven't played Hyrule warriors when it
comes to the switch I am planning on
picking it up though I didn't play it
when I came out for the Wii U just
because I didn't think I would I would
be into it or you know have the time to
play it but now that I have a different
switch gaming setup I might have the
time
colonel rich mustard yes rich has the
code for Battletech in his very email
box at this very moment there are so
many options
keke keke keke if it makes your foot on
fire that's great
but rich has the code he will download
the Battletech
yeah okay you got plenty there what is a
tree fuck
he'll take that tree don't worry
Battletech requires a lot of attention
to detail I believe enriched then
nicely done right nicely thank you it's
another hi Knox was that the final level
no I don't believe so
oh there's a nice battle that was a nice
battle these dark levels are intense
yeah they're nothing compared to those
stupid fucking win levels you want that
item well fuck you it's blown of the
cliff so fact one-one-one says have you
guys tried out seen thieves at all no
sell me on it it's pretend I don't give
a shit about pirates in general okay
it's all we had it I don't think I can
if you don't give a shit about pirates
I lied the pirate history podcast but I
think a lot of its selling point is
people like pirates open world online do
whatever you hate online I don't want I
don't want I don't want my gaming
experiences tied to other people a lot
of people are usually jerks yeah well
then you get to sail a boat but would
you want to do it for stream at any
point that'll be the only time I do it
if me and Jack did it for stream sure Oh
like I bring a mic in your yeah they're
probably the only time I would do it
it's not something I have enough
interested in I have enough interest to
do it on my own
sure sure
and the answer is maybe
the answer is maybe we would have to
deal with the Windows Store so that that
causes its own problems was it only on
xbox yes Windows exclusive Windows Store
yeah yeah yep yep yep no I don't pretend
I don't watch Game of Thrones I watch
Game of Thrones reluctantly because I
enjoy spending time with my wife and she
likes watching Game of Thrones and so
I'm there to you know spend time with my
wife and watch a thing that she enjoys
watching and I'm not like I'm not like a
bitch like I won't complain about it
like while we're watching it you know
you will let her enjoy it I'll complain
about it to you guys but I'm not gonna
like like oh why are we watching Game of
Thrones like she wants to watch it
that's fine I don't bitch about it when
we want when we're watching and I just
bitch about it here because it's
something had fun a bitch a bag and I
know she doesn't my wife doesn't watch
the stream so I was fine sometimes just
got you got you got to do it sometimes
yeah yeah I like ever you know she
watches movies that I want to watch and
I know she doesn't necessarily care
about and so I watch stuff you know
that's how it works
compromise we got one TV Richard take
the fish you just did you got them fishy
Oh cooked up a little fish meal all
right sorry I like dark world where we
got here oh my oh my
what was that it so bad as long as you
can keep moving nice idea
nice rich well-played sir well played I
don't pitch about things Jack now I
bitch about a lot of things but you know
I try to try to be courteous
nicely done
thank you quick tip for anyone who
doesn't know if you throw your weapon it
does double damage so if you know it's
about to break it's a good excuse to
throw your weapon so it does double
damage this is true rich can't put on a
shirt because he doesn't have a shirt
yes did I get one I got one of the
chests nevermind
rich got a sheet yet and instead wanted
to be shirtless oh now we're doing the
invisible chest shit again well I think
there's a chest on pedis pedestal
nevermind sorry Chad I wasn't paying
attention
rich wasn't paying attention he got the
shirt
Jack explanation on force watch game of
thrones' textbook addict behavior I I
was never forced to watch a game of
Thrones I chose to watch Game of Thrones
so I could spend time with my wife no
I've never felt compelled to watch it he
is so full of shit I can smell him so
unbelievably irredeemably full of shit
where did I get all that shit from my
body mostly fucker just give you a
little zap you're hitting him with a
torch I know oh why this is probably not
gonna get much of damage to me and I
want to get rid of some of the crap
weapons rather than go through all of
the good ones okay that's fair Oh is
there green-screen flipping I don't know
why it does that
the third slay the spider character
should be in the betta branch really
soon possibly tomorrow that's exciting
can't wait to see who it is other is
rich lost his booms boom sir rings
I won't slay the spire for tablets so
badly yes slay the spire would make a
wonderful iPad game I agree I hope the
developers go that route once the game
is complete more so for them there's
good money in tablet gaming mobile
gaming I know the the FTL people have
have talked much about the success of
FTL on the iPad how does one get up
there
huh how strange how annoying oh there we
go
there it is you found the thing you did
it and alright I know what the head boss
is gonna be like is it this is boss boss
Lionel oh it's gotta be Lionel
well this is Guardian world it's
probably either a guardian or one of
those major tests of strength style
Guardians you know oh sure
get out of there get out of there link
they go down what a hero
take out all the shooting ones here
right
nice nice well done well done sir not so
bad once you get past win world
spider-man looks like Arkham light I
think it's looking good
it looks like Arkham light it does look
and I'm okay with it i hain't got to
work very well for spider-man obviously
everyone has QuickTime event cutscene
concerns ugly costume concern is
superficial alright I admit I admit it's
superficial but it's gonna be
distracting to me for the entire fucking
game
I don't mind it Adam my Amanda did that
ugly fucking white spider off of your
chest spider-man it looks like crap oh
Jesus
oh shit yeah your stasis can freeze them
when they when they're all spinny like
that if you don't want to waste your
pillars nicely done nicely done
honey was doing the other attack where
he charged up oh no spinny first yeah
that's all right that's all right you
got food eat your fish do it do it eat
your fish nicely done
Oh his speedy friend his spinny Fred was
there
oh man to modest test of strength
guardians at once that's pretty intense
pretty intense it's kind of fun yeah Wow
I can't carry any more weapons wow what
do I have it's garbage oh yeah I'm sure
you have something that's guy over gym
yeah get rid of that and that wouldn't
spike that's good I might want like a
swag I got a spear I guess wait how many
weapons lying around
remember the weird spider-man with the
cutoff jean jacket I think you're
talking about Scarlet Spider Ben Riley
that was and it was like a sweater right
there's a hoodie with the arms cut off
it was like a it was a blue sweater with
the our little buddy with a spider on at
the arms cut off yeah yeah and you know
what
it was weird yes Ben rally the Scarlet
Spider that was weird and ugly that was
very weird and ugly Oh
two of them just one bottle
I'll deal oh yeah yeah that's that seems
a little too easy I absolutely have some
food wasn't there spider-man where he
Cronenberg into an actual spider yeah
you're thinking of man spider like a
storyline yeah that wasn't like a that
wasn't a running thing he just grew some
extra arms this is gonna take forever
yes this guy's got some health
what about the one with the paper bag on
his head that was actually just for like
one panel of a of a Fantastic Four
crossover event and he had he had a
fantastic four outfit and he put a bag
over it that was the issue when
Spiderman first found out that the
symbionts was a living thing
spider-man first got the venom costume
yeah he thought it was just a weird
piece of alien technology mm-hmm then I
forget the details weird stuff happened
so what to see his good friend mr.
fantastic and he's like ah this is the
thing living thing right and so then
they took the costume off of them
wouldn't some got a containment thing
and he had nothing to go home in and the
fantasy or an old Fantastic Four uniform
and they don't wag they don't wear masks
didn't wear masks and put a paper bag
over his head and then Johnny Storm I
don't know if you remember this part
Johnny Storm put a kick me sign on the
back of the uniform I want to say they
made a bag head spider-man action figure
ones and I want one
nope no horses here rich you might need
to stay system
yeah nice dodge way down right you don't
know if there's anything after this and
so it's like what what sort of weapons
are you gonna need like you have plenty
of arrows and don't forget like bombs
and shit
because there could be there could be
anything after this another one of these
oh shit
charge up charge up yeah that's all
right
to the old circle to the old circle I
know you got it you got it all right you
know what's up you got this you got this
jeez Louise
Oh whoo that is so nuts when now there's
more after this possibly there's gotta
be more probably there's got to be more
his spider-man web of shadows good
that's great too my favorite spider-man
game it's also a secret zombie game that
was it yeah that was it that was fine
you did it
what is rich trying to accomplish this
is the trial of the sword you start each
you start how long this plays Wow
you start each trial with nothing no
food items no weapons no clothes and try
to make it to the end and he just did
the second run of the of the trial and
with with every defeat of the trial your
master sword becomes slightly more
powerful listen I don't want you to but
do you think you could fall off
okay good I was thinking for like it
might kick you back just a little bit
further I was just wondering if you
actually could fall off and I loved it
that you can I love it that you couldn't
fall off it would have been terrible if
that like kills right then you had to go
all the way back to the beginning I know
but but I think he did it anyway because
that would have been a really funny way
to end no no web of shadows used to be
on PC I got really excited because after
you mentioned web of shadows like a
couple days after you mentioned it yeah
steam if you follow steam on Twitter
they'll like announce game sales yeah
and they announced a web of shadow say I
was like oh my god go there but it was
like they miss tweeted something and
it's no longer on Steam which is really
upsetting web of shadows I could swear
started up development as a Marvel
Zombies game okay I could swear it day
at some point they just they it got axed
to the idea of doing Marvel Zombies game
and they said are the people infected by
venom symbionts perfect the people
who've taken advantage of me and so that
zombies but it's got that it's got the
slow burn start yeah like it starts off
you're investigating some kind of
kingpin hijinks oh okay then crazy
people start showing up in the street
and then it gets out of control by the
end of the game like a zombie game
interesting and the the other reason I
think it possibly started off as a
Marvel Zombies Games Marvel zombie game
because there's a there's an optional
evil route for spider-man in a
spider-man game there's an optional you
go bad route interesting yeah into I
gotta get my hands on this game
one of these days I'll find a way to
play you you haven't you have some
fights against some super heroes really
if you go that way yeah Oh find this
game Chuck Fox says remember that
commits Ian curates cartoons on
Saturdays this Saturday is Ninja Scroll
Akira and the Sci Fi Degrassi film
redline don't miss it thanks for
watching Rambo and GI Joe with us last
Saturday rich yeah they're watching
cartoons on the movie dicks oh yeah
that's great
that's great though you know there was a
Rambo cartoon there was a Rambo cartoon
I never saw it when I was a kid I wanted
to I could never find it on TV
there was a Rambo cartoon they sold
Rambo toys and the toy side into the
Rambo cartoon that's great yeah that's
great what a what a disgrace dr. Luber
dub says just took delivery of a new
graphics card Hey
a mate of mine built my PC years ago but
I'm going to have a crack at installing
it myself wish me luck good luck top
doctor dooba dooba dooba dooba dooba
doobi zoobi doobi jujube chuck fox says
jack important question have your kids
ever dabbed on you would you be okay
with this or would you be very heat I
don't know what wheat means but yes my
children know what dabbing is and all
the kids at their school are super into
this dabbing situation this is the the
new trend among the children it's always
gonna be something stupid yeah well and
you know that it's a whole thing with
them and they they love it they think
it's hilarious I don't understand at all
III heaped a ton of praise on Webber
shadow you did I will forewarn you okay
there's there's one there's one fly in
the ointment with Webber shadows okay it
might be one of Peter Parker's worst of
voices
it's a terrible Peter Parker who does
the voice I don't know I'm exuberant
sure sure peaches is super bad voice if
you can get past that damn fine
spider-man game I mean that's pretty
important hey no I know it's a pretty
important thing I will tell you this
even though I didn't mind Tobey Maguire
as spider-man in the movies I did find
his voice work in the spider-man games
to be a little much yeah yeah yeah okay
I mean as far as I'm concerned the only
spider-man voice is Chris dan Barnes
button I just I just want people to be
prepared because somebody's gonna find
that game based on am I talking about it
huh they should know they should know
cuz it's really obvious when you hear it
oh that's that's not fun game though
okay it's not talking all the time
alright see what you need is a PC
version and then a model voice track
yeah find it find a good voice actor
give them a bit of money
yeah that's great Jack dabbing has been
dead for two years children don't care
about what's popular young children
young children my children are very
young they don't care about what's hip
or cool or in or out they think dabbing
is the bee's knees so fac-1 1-1 says did
you guys like the agent venom storyline
at all not sure if it's still going on
but just felt ungodly weird to me that's
where they had a team of venom soldiers
that were working for shield I think
Eddie Brock was like a soldier he was
like a Captain America venom this is the
real thing I haven't been into a comic
book store in over a decade at this
point I can't help you yeah it was weird
I think I read one issue and decided it
wasn't for me so that's it that's that's
the last that's it now
that's the last tip
so now it is the time in the stream that
is the time when we read the names of
the names of the people forgive the the
subscriptions the streams that's true
much like Rukia licious Benny Harvey
r.i.p big man lo when our Rexy copter
zero says missed out on the last couple
streams cuz I was playing dad of war and
didn't want it spoiled keep up the good
work young Richard thank you yeah well
well we'll do a thing for the episode
where we you know talk about it spoiler
free for a little bit and some people
care about story and stuff you know
Irish I respect and some people do so
it's like hey here spoiler free from
here on out we go falls boy you know
we'll do that for the official review k
earner hometown markup for 45
motherfucking months in a row purple
space bazooka for 39 motherfucking
months in a row who says OMG 39 months
I'm a little over three years old at I'm
at that perfect age to be screaming
behind you on a long flight so I have
that going for me which is nice
keep up the good work guys thanks for
all you do the real Nick boy for twenty
four fucking months in a row says some
first seventeen thousand five hundred
and twenty hours I need a nap apply
science Christos del Erie ninety is all
right that's as best as I can read it
haha
zero who says thanks guys for all the
entertainment which is much appreciated
while I'm writing my thesis Jack what is
your strategy to keep yourself motivated
and not to procrastinate that that's the
question man
so the the answer is sometimes I don't
know what motivates me sometimes money
vote motivates me right and sometimes
you have to remember I'm an incredible
idiot and I find myself to be incredibly
hilarious so I think a lot of things a
lot of times what motivates me is my own
ego I'll get there I'll get this oh no I
think I want you to think about this and
so like sometimes I will have a really
dumb idea
to make something and I will think it's
so funny that I will say the world needs
this well how's that Christian Bale's
Batman coming along and I just don't
think the world needs that apply science
I'm just being honest I like I think
that's part of it but yeah I I don't
know what motivates most people is the
real thing it's just I have an urge
inside me that makes me do things and I
turn that into a regular schedule where
we do be sandwich for 12 months in a row
who says 12 months damn if twitch Prime
hadn't screwed me the first time I would
have gotten 20 fucking months in a row
oh well I'll settle for a few months
more to get to the fucking thanks for
you streams are in Jake
welcome veggies sixty four four twenty
four fucking months in a row the pale
hunter who says hope is the first step
on the road to disappear midnight hero
for 30 fucking months in a row cavada
resting which face child of furniture
give us more
for thirty two fucking months in a row
white sasquatch has oh wait what oh
let's I don't know if that was on
purpose but like oh the white Sasquatch
has a underscore in between white and
sasquatch
and then another underscore after
Sasquatch which makes it look like the
house it makes it look like white the
Sasquatch has is the name when it's
white says white Sasquatch has recent
screen exactly I get it now yep
everything mr. blinken who says hey guys
not sure if you have any roadtrip
experience but I'm planning on driving
alone
II got 900 plus miles from Dever Denver
to Minneapolis and I was wondering if
this would be safe to do within a day
probably not I'll also be doing some
heavy driving the day before as well I
think people overestimate how fucking
big those states between Denver and
Minneapolis are that's probably too much
for one day's Drive probably because
you're crossing at one of the Dakotas
you're crossing all of Minnesota good to
get to Minneapolis you'll want to die
yeah that's you'll want to die and you
don't want to fall asleep on the road is
the other thing on the on the western
end of one of the Dakotas are some
bigger towns where you can stay at cheap
motels mm-hmm
that's I'd say make it a two-day or just
because you don't you don't want to be
driving the other thing about the
Dakotas is they're very flat and very
boring so it starts to get around 8 or 9
o'clock at night you're used to going to
bed there's nothing to look at you're
getting kind of sleepy that's when you
die in a car accident so yeah
I've nearly gone insane on 5-hour drugs
oh yeah yeah oh man I love road trips
and I could I could I could drive for
hours straight but you have to know your
own limits and and drive safe you know
all right
are we at here where are we gonna get
resting which face I think I said that
that's a new one well that's a sometimes
they mm yeah see Jesus for 16 months in
a row they don't robe for 45
motherfucking months in a row says hope
is a Peter Parker cameo and the venom
movie where Donald Glover shows up for
five seconds why would it be Donald
Glover I know he wanted to play Peter
Parker he wanted to play I think are
they saying that this is gonna be yet
another universe Peter Parker and that
it's Donald Glover Donald Glover wanted
to play Miles Morales okay but ended up
playing Miles his uncle in spider-man
homecoming did he want to play my own
Morales you want to play a black version
of Peter Parker I don't know is there
much difference I don't read write even
read much of the Miles Morales I don't
know if their characters are basically
the same oh they're good very similar
they're very similar characters Donald
Glover is the Prowler he's miles Miles
Morales uncle in spider-man homecoming
yeah I know that right and so then
that's not a Peter Parker cameo right
unless it's fine move on great dr. Cyrus
who says say hi to my dogs
Tesla Dali and Lulu all right
hello dear dogs who can't understand
what I'm saying and might be mildly
confused to hear their names coming out
of the box on your desk true Bloorview
Donald Glover wasn't homecoming as that
one gangbanger he's credited as being
the Prowler he talks about climbing
gloves he talks about his nephew so it's
generally assumed that he is the prowler
in spider-man homecoming universe who is
the uncle of Miles Morales heads up
that's the dork stuff
we're Brody 20 push level who says yo yo
cuz that is I guess they're doing a
miles movie I was gonna how does my
other miles rights work with the sony
disney deal they're doing the anime
they're doing the animated one well it's
the but that's into the spider-verse of
peter parker's also there and there's
and there's I think there's gonna be
multiple spider but yeah yeah it's gonna
be a clusterfuck of spider-man it's
gonna be an absolute clusterfuck with
that weird jittery animation style I
don't get it so cool alright if you're
hype for I am I we have we only have
that one trailer but man it looks neat
but I think I think that's a good that's
the smart decision for Sony because they
can't compete with how good homecoming
is and so they're like let's just make
our own thing off in a corner we'll give
it to Lord and Miller they'll make
something weird and interesting what do
you think it's Disney developing matter
such as Sony that's just Sony ok yeah ok
ok then if Marvel wanted to put a
live-action Miles Morales in a movie
could they do it absolutely
alright I don't know I don't know how
the rights break down oh oh yeah if
Disney wanted to do it if ok no sorry
and I didn't put that together
does Disney have the rights to ultimate
spider-man oh that's a really important
this this deals gonna be a headache at
some point it's gonna be a big headache
that's a really good you know what my
guess is my guess is they don't okay
because if they did they'd have done it
our deal structured Sony can pull out
pretty much anytime they want
yeah yeah you want it back now
we can do it they they they shouldn't
Disney shouldn't have made the deal they
should have just waited it out waited it
out they just own it like they did with
Fox sunny suffocating you know they
should have just my opinion yeah
they should have just waited it out they
saw an opportunity to get my back man we
got a great movie out of it we sure did
we did
Miles Morales is now on earth-616 of the
Technica how DMC you doesn't care about
that though the MCU would just introduce
miles as a native to the MCU right but
Miles Morales is spider-man
yeah and so they can't use him because
he's spider-man but it's I don't know I
don't know I really don't know here's
here's what I actually want I want to
hear the the lawyer argument for this
don't you
Sony's versus Disney's lawyers actually
hashing out who owns the rights to Miles
Morales spider-man well you see it takes
place on a different earth this is
earth-616 so it's obviously different
well he's still called spider-man well
as soon as different well he's a
different character well he's the Sony
own spider-man and not spider-man is the
only has the rights to use spider-man
and we're making spider-man
so saudis making spider-man movie while
Dizzy's making their spider-man movie
and you see that's why it's legal for us
to make a third spider-man spider-man
teams up with spider-man it's right here
in black and white that's great weird no
I did Brody already oh oh yeah we did
about gruel sandwich
who says double digits ten months of Mad
free Amazon Duckett's for you good sirs
and you know then there's the awkward
moment where just to clear the confusion
one of the lawyers has to say the black
one
really
that really awkward a moment
an old white judge is standing in front
of a bunch of old white lawyers and the
judge goes I'm sorry but um what's
spider-man are we talking about here and
you have one like the G the junior
attorneys like sir Sir the
the Africa BFF all the African is that
like is that like Black Panther know the
African the black one the black is he
and what Conda is well some very
different sir I liked that movie with
the rhinoceros that was a very good one
oh well Jack trigger choice it puts it
better
sir the the urban Spiderman the urban
spider-man that's that's how they would
say don't they both operate in New York
City I also just really liked the idea
of a race is sold to I judge really
liking Black Panther my because
everybody does right like see from
Wakanda to I saw that movie is that
that's not on video yet right no I gotta
do my my infinity ward ketchup but it's
might still be in the theater I know
that's right and I'm just gonna watch
Ragnarok and structure strange I think a
big part of of the movie takes place in
Wakanda you you what do I need to know
other than what Conda is a place though
yeah probably just that yeah reg reg
nirach might be the most important movie
to see I know a lot of shit changes in
that a lot of shit changes in that dr.
strange is in I mean I I might want just
the introduction to the mystical ship
sure sure yeah all right that's fair
what else do you need to know yeah what
kind of the place that exists oh well
what you should know is that they were a
secret city and and then at the end of
black panther he says hey yo we're a
thing we got some shit okay and so okay
that's part of what you need to know for
for that so people know about what
condom technology now well that was like
the that was that was like the end line
yeah it was like so Wakanda and so we
assume that people are about to find out
about makanda okay
all right they go ten months
Amazon ducats for you sirs I just
finished a trial of swords hey
congratulations
one of the most aggravating experiences
I've ever had with the cells a game but
so far worth it
I mean to get that Master Sword that
powerful it wouldn't have been that bad
without the fucking wind world that area
thanks for the stream fellas well thank
you girl sandwich okay Wow
I think si hua ve Schwab butter with a
CH instead of an S so it's not suave
it's Schwartz hua Shao Qi wild 12 agrees
wave oh I like that wave says have this
free money yes thank you we appreciate
your free Amazon money Dukie rampage who
says apparently it's telling me to send
you a message for the thing even though
I did the thing last week okay Theodore
J hooker for 44 motherfucking monster
roses whoo 44 months
what happens at 48 oh you'll see you
start over
it's incentive C work your back work
your way back up to motherfucking I
wouldn't be that cruel no no no there'll
be something chocolate shake 25 you're
in charge of it your insurer coming up
with it yeah and implementing it okay
it's all you jack
it's all you it's gonna be big it's
gonna be big or not big at all
st. Jeff jumped in 89 for 31 fucking
months in a row who says thanks for the
stream guys what are the odds
Captain America pretends to be sick and
steals a car in infinity war probably
pretty low ultimate call back ultimate
call back not enough people know about
it no nobody no fucking nobody knows
about it our viewers do what I think
we're a small section of the yes
we are that's somebody I you know what
thinking I was just going through the
Marvel Cinematic Universe Captain
America yeah they already paid a slight
omage to the other Captain America movie
when he put his shield on the front of a
motorcycle I in Captain America Winter
Soldier so obviously they're gonna all
Minds just one to I don't know I don't
know Egon that's concrete technically
also in Winter Soldier he does steal a
car though he doesn't pretend to be sick
okay so he but he did steal a car that's
a great question we were at John I don't
clown porn I do I think is what I'm
supposed to be I do okay but don't say
it all no I you know what I'm just not
going to do that that's great as far as
I'm concerned their name is i do' i
don't i do clamp run
I know clown 0rn there you go that's
their name is first oh I do I do
what Matt was taken Greco schmeyer men
slew beer coaster for 19 months in a row
says always great to see more Zelda even
better to play more Zelda man this game
is fantastic juggle faces peanut popper
turn smuggling's for 15 months in a row
who says thanks as always for all the
laughs and entertainment you fucks lol
Don my Wilson thank you
obese Maurice
gamertag 185 space camo 444
motherfucking months in a row Len flex
in ski for 20 fucking months in a row
who says rich did you ever think that in
that infinity war comic series would
ever be adapted into a movie
well I never thought infinity war would
be adapted to do a comic book movie but
they're not adapting infinity war
they're adapting the Infinity Gauntlet
into a comic book movie but they're
calling it infinity war and I never
thought they would be adapting either
actually but especially not war right
which is just stupid pants
Jimmy Jimmerson arcticus ranks for 19
months in a row says 19 months and I'm
still here
how in the fuck it's a great question
either I have a question okay how are
how are like Barnes Nobles in the comic
book store is gonna handle this they're
gonna have people looking for infinity
war and that's like this shitty sequel
to Infinity Gauntlet how are they gonna
clear up this confusion are they going
to retitle printings of the Infinity
Gauntlet as infinity war
my guess is yeah they will put both out
you know like so like hey you know from
from the movies right Marvel yeah
they'll put up both you know trade
paperbacks of both collections and just
kind of make it obvious which one came
out first and hope that people are like
oh this one seems to come right before
this maybe I should read gauntlet first
okay maybe or maybe they'll put like a
based on the movie above gauntlet and
everyone will just be very confused
isn't it already infinity war infinity
war is the shitty sequel to infinity
gauntlet and Infinity Gauntlet is
basically the movie that Marvel is
making presumably we don't know
well that's dealing with fan OHS as the
villain it's infinity call I feel like
this this is the exact same scenario
they put themselves in with Civil War
which is a movie with the same title
that has very little to do with the
comic series that it was based off of
the comic infinity war is Thanos teaming
up with everybody to stop the evil clone
of Adam warlock that just gave me a man
your ISM that's a lot yeah and they all
fight evil duplicates do adopt
doppelgangers of themselves who are kind
of monstrous versions of themselves
that's great that's great but Infinity
Gauntlet is Thanos coming to Earth to
destroy Earth and then infinity Crusade
which is the third one will fuck you is
everybody teaming up to fight
Adam warlocks female clone who was
really religious and turns half of the
heroes ultra-religious and then the
heroes fight each other
the ultra-religious heroes and the
non-religious heroes man rich why'd you
ever give up reading comic books the
good one is gauntlet yeah
QB nope we're down there QB Eagles who
says serenity now vulgar puppy says
great content is always my dudes fort my
knight welcome junior Rees 45 domestic
Yeti true Xenu for 13 months in a row
since you guys ever played Psychonauts
opinions it's free this month with
twitch prime actually never have played
Psychonauts a bone passed me by and
while I thought it had a lot of positive
aspects overall I found it very
frustrating okay because
it was filled with many levels and in
every level you got a new psychic power
and so then every level was your learn
how to use your psychic power power
level but then you never got to the
point where you could like master all of
your powers and use them appropriately
eventually like you've got all your
powers and then the game ended so I
found that very disappointing okay I
found it a little frustrating so it was
like like a car enough time where you
you learn power for that dungeon and you
almost never use it again right right
well you know except for you know in
Ocarina then you could use those powers
like outside the dungeon til I get
trapped use them in different levels but
they just weren't useful you couldn't
use them at all you just you just well
you just didn't there was no there was
no need to use them outside like maybe
maybe one or two small things here there
but yeah I was I was not overall like I
came out disappointed with Psychonauts
but it had you know like a really cute
story and fun characters good art style
some neat stuff but one of the
weaknesses of the Zelda series some of
them is the the very specific dungeon
yeah there's no use after that yeah
except for the boomerang that that
boomerang was the monster Oh chunks
sorry think of me
Bentham 99 who says I grew up in
Milwaukee and I never knew it as the
Cream City I swear it to you it is a
thing I said it on the boat tour is they
said it on the boat tour I'm sure they
wouldn't make something up because
there's just nothing interesting to say
about the city on the boat tour did you
go fast the poop recycler II no I didn't
go past the poop recycler II they
probably wanted to draw attention away
from the poop recycle we're very proud
of our poop recycler II it makes
fertilizer we make milorganite out of
our own poop we make plant fertilizer
out of our own poop it's actually pretty
neat
Chicago doesn't give a shit if we're so
cool man we make milorganite which is
which is fertilizer out of our own poop
start a treatment plan it's pretty neat
Pez
eze freak milorganite like Milwaukee who
says hello guys keep up the good work
love from Sweden meant to kiss for 19
months in a row milorganite which is
Milwaukee organic nitrate who says Shh
it's right shut the fuck up and try to
make a movie then you can talk shit
otherwise you can go fuck my cock I mean
they might not want to fuck your cock
but might not want to you know but I you
know again just trying to posit Turk ich
Jade 8 I'm sorry Chuck I'm sorry I
stopped you from talking about the
Milwaukee shit
Milwaukee organic nitrate compound it's
so do you remember oh I think we've
talked about this before I guy we had a
problem with our sewage treatment plant
never in Milwaukee got horrible diarrhea
everyone in the city should have held
off for a few more names before not
three more names Jack and I'm not
sticking them because it was a fucking
what I do that I know but people are
like why does Jack know about this why
is it such a big deal because there was
a national rule for fructose meridiem
still rich is elavil for social security
and so we had to complete Black Dynamite
your knives our sewage treatment plant
Duke fizzle B to deal with all of our
wastewater donations from the Saudis
poisoning okay and
karna decided to recycle it into our own
farmlands work again comes from