RLM Patreon Exclusive
Star Trek First Contact Movie Review (Part 2 of 4)
April 9, 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-f3bscZa0E
___________________________________________

part two number eight more blatant
timeline altering violation so even
though the Phoenix shows no signs of
damage
I guess it's damaged Picard tells
Dougherty to bring down the entire
engineering staff again they all take
the effort of wearing period clothing
but they tell everyone about the future
it is one of the pivotal moments in
human history doc poverty disease war
they'll all be gone within the next 50
years I've never seen that kind of
technology that's because it hasn't been
invented is what we all grew up hearing
about what you did here do you get to
make first contact with an alien race
because at 11 o'clock an alien ship will
begin passing through this solar system
and somehow Troy is now qualified to be
the Mission Control operator final
launch sequence checks are complete
everyone's probably like who's this
chick what happened is that from cock
rings original co-pilots get both of
them ty I mean it looks like he'd built
the ship with three seats so when
history asks who are your Co pilots
what were their names where are they is
he gonna lie don't when they ask to talk
to the copilot's where it was gonna show
them these guys over here these guys in
the bar yeah just don't ask some any
specific questions okay start building
statue
I guess the Borg attack must have killed
everyone involved in the Phoenix project
except for conquering and Lily so if
you're one of the people that survived
he'd be like who are all these weird
people all of a sudden helping us launch
the rocket up I'm gonna tell my
grandkids about this and they're gonna
tell our friends at school and it's
gonna fuck everything up number nine a
tale of two Picard's a problem with the
TNG movies and the soy in particular is
that there are two Picard's there's the
TV show Picard who's this enlightened
intellectual he only uses violence as a
last resort and he always follows his
conscience and a strict code of ethics I
don't have time for this I'm also bound
by my oath and my conscience to uphold
certain principles but then in the
movies the cards a crazed violent
psychopath
mr. Wolfman destroy that thing time's up
we're not hunters doctor nor is it our
role to exact revenge I will make them
pay for what they've done we programmed
the torpedoes mr. Worf let's hope we
don't have to use them mr. Worf quantum
torpedoes ready sir
fire have we become so fearful have we
become so cowardly that we must
extinguish a man because he carries the
blood of a current enemy you see on the
show Pro carded a chance to unleash a
deadly virus into the Borg wiping them
out once and for all but he tuned you
realized that the Borg's were a species
and they had a right to exist just like
everybody else he knew better than to
commit genocide you found a single Borg
at a crash site brought it aboard the
enterprise studied it analyzed it and
eventually found a way to send it back
to the Borg with a program that would
have destroyed the entire collective
once and for all
but instead you nursed the Borg back to
health
treated it like a guest gave it a name
and then sent it home now keep in mind
this whole story came after Picard was
abducted by the pork's and they still
didn't wanna kill em all Hey what
they've done well there was a solar term
right where Picard was against killing
the crystalline entity a giant crystal
creature that basically ate life by the
planet load we can possibly avoid
fighting on it then I would hope aren't
you going to kill it
you think alike hey that's crazy this
thing's sucking life off of planets we
should just shoot it I would argue that
the crystalline entity has as much right
to be here as we do turn off what you'll
kill me you regarded this thing as a
life form that was just doing what it
was supposed to do so long as we are in
no danger I will make every effort to
communicate
what I don't deny that it may be
necessary to fire on it
I look on that as a last resort what
he's quick to react quick to do dumb
action things and he always violates
orders on a whim I'm about to commit a
direct violation of our orders I think
he does it in every movie in fact
Picard's orders get violated more often
than counselor troi it was a violation F
doesn't matter so long as you teach it
and there is a big difference between
data hannah tool
darah there is a big difference between
you and a virus
I guess Kirk established a precedent
that if you disobey orders and save
earth then schools or superiors don't
even applaud you but you better be sure
you save earth because if you don't then
you've got a court martial military
orders are flexible I guess again just
like counselor troi you're unusually
limber this morning she certainly is
limber oh that's right honey pie worked
at business but one thing military
orders aren't is still sexy after 45
number 10 Borg and doors
the Borg seemingly had no problem
beaming over to the enterprise during
the split second when the shields were
down and transforming half the ship into
Borg stuff by making materials out of
thin air but the Borg seemed to have a
problem just opening doors now in this
scene the Borg bang on the doors to
sickbay
dr. crusher must have had the doors
locked
I guess but anyway so it takes the Borg
30 minutes to pound through the door
wouldn't it just have open when they
walked up to it however in another scene
when Picard intentionally locks the door
to slow them down a little
the Borg figure out how to open it
pretty fast by sticking their fingers in
the crack they skipped the whole
pounding on it with the fist stage I
guess they adapted right so the Borg are
both technically advanced
bernetta creatures - probably could
overridden the door controls really
easily but at the same time they're also
mindless Frankenstein like zombies I
guess they're whatever the plot needs
and number 11 quick one-line cover-ups
there's a lot of moments in this movie
where major flaws are covered up by one
quick line of explanation
the moon's gravitation will feel
obscured I warp signature the Vulcans
did not detect us so I would be like oh
okay
mmm-hmm but then you think about it for
a second and you'd be like huh
wait wait wait wait while I report the
moon's gravitation will feel obscured I
warp signature
the Vulcans did not detect us wait wait
the moon's gravitational field
well like projected all the way to earth
that disrupts the Vulcan sensors since
one that's of planets have moons so in
the Phoenix jump to warp speed that's
when the Vulcans scanned and detected
the Phoenix right so they probably would
have started heading over to earth at
that point running their little scanners
the whole time during that time was when
Picard and data were on the enterprise
trying to kill the Borg Queen and all
sorts of crazy shit was going on gasps
Borges
so what they didn't detect the
enterprise floating around up there
because of the moon's gravitational
field like what causes tides but what
about all those escape pods that were on
earth at some point you had to go and
retrieve all of them put them back on
the ship before you left right so the
Vulcans didn't notice any of that shit
going on the moon's gravitation will
feel obscured a warp signature
now whatever super card quickly rules
out the idea of getting on a
shuttlecraft to help clean the Borg off
to deflector dish the core sucked them
off with tractor beams something we
can't get to deflector control all the
shuttlecraft burn the previous scene the
other dude said it looks like the
control decks 26 up to 11 but when they
took deck 11 a they just stopped
you said the Borg stopped on deck 11
what is on deck 11
hydroponics still a cartography
deflector control no vital system they
would not have stopped there unless I
gave them a tactical advantage they were
doing their thing to set the deflector
to shop so the Empire going I were
further up the ship and so that's on
Picard's like we can't get to deflector
control all the shuttlecraft but the
main shuttle bay looks like it's on the
top of the ship from the best I can tell
doing my own research
it looks like it's around ducks 5 & 6 so
how come they can't get to a
shuttlecraft well if we set our phasers
to full power we know there's a risk
that we hit the dish is charged with
antiprotons we could destroy half the
ship ah no there's a risk that we hit
the dish is charged with antiprotons we
could destroy half the ship captain I've
reconfigured our warp field to match the
chronometric readings of the Borg sphere
recreate the vortex come on now whatever