RLM Patreon Exclusive
Star Trek: Nemesis Review (part 3 of 4)
April 9, 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DT7sSp-3_I
___________________________________________

part three number seven lights camera
action I think I've already established
why the TNG movies totally suck it's
because of comments like this
I think the audience wants the Star Trek
to be an action movie wrong wrong you
asshole wrong what we want is a good
story
some good dialogue and the characters
that were on the show not
one-dimensional action movie recreations
of them when producers and actors start
meddling with the movie and develop the
story it always comes out like a big
Lincoln law action is great but
pointless action is boring that needs to
be balanced out with a good story before
got more brains in this story longest a
tall man have a furry face now all MIT
nemesis is a good action movie but what
is action let's discuss I like to
reference the next gen up the so called
power play I like this one in this
episode a Lian's possessed Roy data and
O'Brien we were brought to this moon
over five centuries ago from a star
system called goodsmile
at first they pretend to be the ghost of
an old dead Starfleet crew but we later
learn that their prisoners is some kind
of weird alien penal colony why am I
talking about this episode because it's
a good example of action every action
has a purpose which propels the story it
got a shuttlecraft accident get knocked
down by lightning then they attempt to
take over the ship to take hostages but
they got a mission the rest of the
episode is kind of like a power struggle
between them and Picard the good guys
they think of a plan try some things and
then the stakes get higher when they
fail there's even a crying baby that's
threatened eventually we arrived at the
exciting climax of the story and the big
action scene is got ready
it's people walking down a hallway
yep moving from ten forward to the cargo
bay is the centerpiece of the exciting
ending but to me this is a hundred times
more exciting than watching like or
pointlessly fight with a monster and
power play I was interested to see what
the conclusion was going to be what was
the aliens final goal
I was Picard going to outwit them did he
have a trick off asleep what was going
to happen to the hostages these were
things are cared about people walking
down a hallway ends up being more
exhilarating than a needlessly long
chase sequence with absolutely no
tension or consequence or pointless
space battle in the rat the carnage
phaser hit was important and it changed
the nature of the situation analysis
ships flightless leaf IRA each other for
45 minutes proving the point of
excessive action there's a necessarily
effective action
number eight what's up with shins on so
the Romulans cloned Captain Picard so
they could replace them in some kind of
devious plot so then they abandoned the
whole thing because it's too risky or
something but they send a little kid to
work in a mine they sent me there today
all they sent them there to die why
don't they just gas him or put him in a
1982 Cadillac DeVille and slam it into a
tree at 85 miles an hour or slit his
wrists in the bathtub and then pay a
prostitute to write a suicide note for
you and then push her down a well to
make sure she don't oh my god point is
Romulans are on the business of dirty
business why are you doing this why keep
him alive is a five-year-old really
going to help out in the mine he's just
going to grow up and have his life
conveniently formed the background plot
for a b-grade sci-fi action movie on
that note to Riemann's and Shenzhen
we're all slave labor riot
they say Ravens were the lowest caste of
Romulan society
the Ravens themselves are considered an
undesirable caste in the hierarchy of
the Empire cannon fodder basically
cannon fodder I just said that so for
one how'd it shins on Animus cape and
have the time to build the scimitar
without having the Romulan Empire and
the towel Shiar find them furthermore
how does a kid who never went to school
and a bunch of monsters at work in a
mine have the resources or know-how to
even build a massive ship like that with
a perfect cloak his clothing is perfect
from building the cemetery to secret
base Oh built it on a secret base where
how with who I guess the Riemann's knew
a lot about mining so they probably
could have dug up the materials but that
would have been a pretty massive
operation would have attracted a lot of
attention then you'd need things like
torpedoes some antimatter chairs
viewscreens you'd think even before they
laid down the first bulkhead they'd be
surrounded by a fleet of Romulan
warbirds
so that for no reason Shenzhen wants to
take over as the leader of Romulans
which at first the attempts to do
politically then one that fails he does
it by force now he's in charge of
Romulans and all I want him to do is to
start a war with the Federation even
though they just got done with the
costly war with the Dominion but with
Shinzon's goal just to exterminate the
population of earth
if so then he already had the capacity
to do that without the Romulans salt
doing this liberate the regions that is
the single thought behind everything I
have done
he already freed the Riemann's and in
that dark place where there was nothing
myself
I found my Riemann brothers they showed
me the only true kindness I'd ever known
kill him I guess the director was
confused to the Shinzon character can't
be just a straight bad guy he's not a
bad guy deploy the weapon he's not
planning to defeat earth I always do
with you now he's planning its
annihilation and that's the whole
essence of kill everything on that ship
the as I understand this hey asshole we
all know what's going on in the movie
well we know what a bad guy wants to
accomplish without changing his mind
every five minutes I guess it creates
some tension our three crap Shinzon
accomplished his goal of escaping the
mine and freeing the Riemann's before
the movie started after that it gets
hazy he didn't want to kill Picard I was
merely curious about it but then later
he does my life is meaningless as long
as you're still alive
he wanted to be the next praetor but he
seemed irritated when he had to do the
whole pray tour thing and talk to
Romulans if you wanted to be the leader
of the Romulan Empire you should expect
some conference calls he needed Picard
for the blood transfusion to save his
own life but he never really seemed
interested in doing it I guess he was
always planning to attack earth but why
not forget how a mission Jin's own you
think his beef would have been with the
Romulans spend 18 hours every day under
the lash of a Romulan God you'll soon
understand patience
Shinzon had a passing interest in troika
shared a vagina and he probably never
did it with the check
maybe fucker Riemann in the ass but he
really wanted girl
maybe Shinzon should have taken the
Scimitar over to Raisa for a little
vacation before the movie started I'm
sure him in the Riemann's would have fit
right in that could have played some
volleyball and
we'll have some drinks by the bar and of
course picked up some ladies on spring
break spring break number nine shinza
reminds me of dr. evil from the moment I
saw chins on I knew something was wrong
he reminded me too much of dr. evil I'm
going to place him in an easily
escapable situation involving an overly
elaborate an exotic death they were
going to replace you with me he was bald
I had a bird nose that is to have sharks
with frickin laser beams attached to
their heads
he wore an evil costume with shoulder
pads he was the head of an evil
organization and he even had a scar on
his face and of course he sounded a lot
like them I want you to meet daddy's
nemesis a lifetime of violence will do
that they were going to replace you
meaning me
you
ladies and gentlemen welcome to my moon
base you've all been chosen to be part
of my elite moon unit dr. evil while you
were frozen we began a program to clone
you could he is exactly like you in
every way
ABB's baby very ash