RLM Patreon Exclusive
Star Trek First Contact Movie Review (Part 4 of 4)
May 8, 2009
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbQ4keKFZIY
___________________________________________

part four number 15 a bunch of random
shit that makes no sense
shouldn't Lily have known better than to
fire a machine gun right next to a
rocket filled with explosive fuel so the
Borg's goal was to assimilate the
enterprise and complete their mission
which was assimilating the entire earth
lower your weapons they'll ignore this
till they consider us a threat so why at
any point would there ever be a moment
where the Borg wouldn't consider a bunch
of humans with guns a threat or not try
to assimilate them in general my wife
ignored me because she never conserved
me a threat but that I put her through
the windshield of my cat so if these
people are still at war with other
factions and why the 50,000 watt
floodlights lighting up the campsite you
think you'd want to keep a low profile
at night what's the point of the Borg
trying to contact the Borg and the Delta
Quadrant they can get there for like 70
years why don't they just send a message
back through time and contact an earlier
generation of the pork and tell them to
go do all the hard work so that Worf
suddenly as a purple space bazooka he
fires it at a bunch of stunt men
I wanted them jumps after the explosion
he isn't really propelled by the actual
explosion but more so by himself jumping
oh wait this is the wrong movie so Jordi
has new eyeballs takes a second or two
to zoom all the way in on dr. Cochrane
and then BAM he looks right at rikers
face whoa
wouldn't he have gotten a bit
disoriented there you forgot to zoom his
eyes up so where did that bored Queen
come from was she on the sphere was it
just her top half on the sphere and the
Borg had to carry around until I found a
female body with titties that could wear
a fiver suit so they can start her from
scratch because I needed a Borg Queen
well maybe she popped in there from
another dimension just to see how things
are going if she did that why didn't she
then escape to another dimension instead
got her flush-mount girl so dr. crusher
basically had everyone inside the secret
escape hatch but instead of hauling ass
out of there she calls up the EMH to
help stall the Borg
however the time she took explaining to
him about how and why he needed to
create a diversion ended up being the
exact length of time as the diversion
itself thus eliminating the point of the
diversion please observe
break through that door according to
sponsored research division Borg
implants can cause skin irritation Octus
not a doorstop
perhaps for a doctor this pertain to
smart plus she left a little hatch open
key I wonder where everybody won so I'm
Worf suddenly has a purple space bazooka
oh wait everything that happens in the
end makes no sense
first Picard is ready to leave but
suddenly he forgot about data when he
hears him inside his brain Captain
Picard have been aware of the presence
of a Borg Queen at this point you're not
leaving are you so Picard doesn't know
there's a Borg Queen yet or it doesn't
even know what happened to data as far
as he knows at this point Dana could be
a full-fledged Borg Picard has no weapon
or anything like that he just walks into
the engineering section apparently
without any kind of plan okay so that he
meets the Borg Queen and then we get the
idea that she has no real plan either
neither does data data is just standing
there
data has no idea that Picard was just
about to walk right into the engine room
even if he did call to him as far as
data knows Picard could have been
assimilated by the Borg or Picard could
have died so all three characters are
thrust into a scene where none of them
have any plan to resolve the situation
so while the self-destruct is counting
down the Queen is hanging out behind a
wall and data is sleeping standing up I
guess it's a good thing Picard showed up
because the ship would have just blown
up them so to pass the time they all
decide to pointlessly fuck around with
each other
are you offering yourself to us
for myself the Queen reveals that
although she thinks the Borg are a
superior life-form she still needs a
flawed human someone to talk to someone
who's an individual who could be her
soulmate you wanted more than just
another ball drone you wanted a human
being with a mind of his own
who could bridge the gulf between
humanity and the Borg you wanted a
counterpart well no reason she tells
Picard that she wants him to be lacunae
Segen she doesn't really believe that
but that's what she tells him for no
reason we will add your distinctiveness
to her home welcome home no cutis
Burkhardt agrees to be Lapidus again in
order to save datas life that day to go
and I won't take my place at your side
so I suspect that he was fuckin with her
too but it turns out he wasn't he really
didn't have a plan
or a trick up his sleeve but the Borg
Queen turns out she's fuckin with him
because we soon realize that she's
really quite happy with data as her new
mate I do not wish to go as you can see
I have already found an equal okay
so why did we just go through that whole
song and dance about like you this then
why did you just make him into a drone
in the ten or so opportunities you had
already maybe she wanted to her Picard's
feelings maybe she was testing data
although it's clear at this point she
already trusts data
he will make an excellent drone and she
really didn't have a plan for Picard to
become her new mate now enter the
encryption College and give me computer
control so of course data really doesn't
have any intentions of being her board
mate he's really just fucking with her
too he's done this a lot of times before
pretend to be the bad guy and any winks
great or shits on needs the prisoner
so now data's fucking went to port Queen
all this is for no reason I guess he was
playing along all this time to gain her
trust done why is there a force field up
so then for the benefit of the script
date and needlessly draws out his
betrayal you see the innocent he was
able to go over and shut off the
self-destruct he could have ran over to
that green thing and smashed it open
since he was right by it anyways quantum
torpedoes a lot destroy them but for no
reason other than to create tension for
the audience he risks the future of
humanity by firing quantum torpedoes at
the Phoenix now he intentionally set
them to miss of course and I don't doubt
date his ability to calculate shit but
what if the Phoenix unexpectedly
decreased their speed or made a slight
course correction an awful big risk to
take firm let's see no reason
then the grain vampire gas floods the
engine room and the Queen has a moment
or two to think instead of making a
beeline for the doors to get the fuck
out of there she succumbs to pointless
emotional revenge and tries to pull the
car down with her bitch should have ran
outside locked the doors and regrouped
with some other Borges but instead she
tries to kill Picard for no reason so
let me clear out all the gas all the
board's elsewhere on the ship magically
die of lonely hearts and then Picard in
a true dumb action hero moment
needlessly breaks the Borg Queen spine
when she no longer posed a threat
probably would have been a good idea to
bring the Borg Queen back to the 24th
century and have Starfleet scientists
study it figure out how she could jump
from dimension to dimension Borg
weaknesses how they built a time travel
device what their next plans are over
this probably smarter just to break it
you know Picard sure said lights out
before he did it or resistance is futile
resistance is futile Oh a data said that
assimilate this they used all the good
ones
what could Picard have said hmm your
reign is over my queen attaboy son
email me if you wanna pizza roll