RLM Patreon Exclusive
The Very First Half in the Bag Shoot
May 19, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTN6z5e7LFw
___________________________________________

we're done only earlier I think so
okay so Ginny yes what you have here
what you're doing here with this review
show is kind of a standard three camera
sitcom setup yes
any particular reason for this out oh
well the initial idea was for ease of
shoe but we've proven that that's not
the case but also just to kind of throw
back a lot of these sort of internet
where you type shows are very boring
they're very unproductive agreen screen
you're standing in front of a light ball
want something a little more interesting
so kind of an old-fashioned sitcom what
we thought would be entertaining very
chintzy no budget sitting on and then
maybe open the door like this we can
have this whole thing play on the Y just
to have a shot with us in the program
and then we'll just cut in for cover
kill yeah probably we can't get ridges
close-ups we don't need them taken from
well because thoughts or cash yeah we
have to do it from right here so you
have right now it looks like you're
directing this George Lucas oh so you
don't want that so what's here what's
who thought on the direction some of
this scene for smashing we're gonna have
to do we're gonna have to scrap this and
do the whole thing of computers
afterwards and it's just gonna build a
new set its we're just gonna take that
mall and we're gonna just slap some
great paint all over this place we're
gonna make this little room green
and then I'm just going to set the
camera in there was a studio mm-hmm
we have our show that sounds like a
great idea I'm a brilliant director can
I give you my twelve dollars now to see
the movie yes actually it's gonna be 15
15 15 I doing it in 3d yes are you folks
converting it to three proposed
converting the green screen shot into 3d
yes we have microphones and cords
everywhere okay this also has a
professional-looking shoot the messy
looking shoe messy little messy
everywhere yes it's a nightmare
good checking this out of cassette tape
that's a good just and then that is a
replacement case actually we had
destroyed it when we did Girl
Interrupted so I got another flat case
for deaf preserve preserve the integrity
of
I was I was on the verge of laughing in
multiple times yeah I was like that's
what it is you're awarding me but Lavin
I didn't reply it's very fortunate I
couldn't see it I was doing trying to
stake the okay that's great so how do we
feel about this Mike I thought it'd look
great
it went well as you possibly cut it was
not good now yeah
ninety nine percent being perfection as
the only thing that happened was was the
initial hit from Tim didn't break thing
that's true that's the only one but what
about not to be like you know but the
very first hit by Tim with the crowbar
didn't go through we can add a break
plenty of it but it isn't his did at
almost the same time just add a smashing
it's so far away yeah but just as an
analysis perspective ninety-nine oh it's
grants that's a good ratio for a one
take shot oh I have no control over
what's happening but yeah and the
community timing the guys did you know
is in something like this people get
nervous or rushed and they took cab they
took the take Jim Bob a what we said
with in that last yeah parade was
because it certainly didn't like do
really hard
who is this
early just to tighten internet review
variety shows now there's the
overproduced ones way over produced
green screen background lots of flashy
graphics really exciting fast opening it
everyone talks like this
oh this week in nerd news you know
that's I was don't know and then there's
the other end which is the people just
with a camera in their living room where
they're done with just the white
backgrounds and they try to be funny and
complain about 20 year old movies just
trying something different