Skyrim-ing Jack Solo (Part 2)
June 10, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r--SBOn3EFk

I didn't know how to pick a lock
I honestly really
okay I did it this is so tense I did it
I picked a lock cuz I can only assume
that will come in handy later I don't
really know if it will or not but I get
past this fire maybe
yeah
all right great
solo a JAXA Skyrim stream you know I saw
a bit of solo speaking of of solo I saw
I saw the first hour of solo now I I
didn't want to talk to rich about it a
little bit I I took the family to see
solo we we had a Friday night and about
an hour in my youngest got so terribly
bored that he became so squirmy in his
seat and generally like I usually shut
that down like hey we came to see a
movie we're watching the movie just got
a sit and and chill but I was also so
bored by the first hour of solo that I
just said you have to go alright
I've done that already okay so I'm going
to do this one retrieve a Dragonstone
where do I have to go for that that way
walked out on Star Wars you know it was
it was tough but it was a it was a
legendarily dull experience for me and
so I was just okay
eating that that movie money cuz I was
so bored and you know I got to pay a
little more attention to what movies I
take the young ones too because
apparently apparently they can't handle
all the meth I figured it would you know
be
I figured it would be you know start
it's the Star Wars movie so I guess I've
nope I figured it would be good enough
for the for the little ones but
apparently not I I was incredibly
incredibly bored and as all right
current location yes
now where am I going I'm going all the
way over here
well dang yes so uh so yeah I was really
bored I was really bored and I I just
honestly did not care about finishing a
solo but fast-travel
I don't can i fast travel whoa not that
it's fast travel a thing I don't even
know where I've been
I'll be honest with you okay I can fast
travel great I did not make it to to the
the scene with the character I only I
only made it an hour in I left and Han
and Daenerys were making out that's
where I left and I just could not take
another minute like I I guess I could
have watched the whole thing but but
whoo ding what a bore what a bore no I
was definitely that was definitely
I was definitely further than than than
30 minutes
definitely when when Han and Daenerys me
meet up they just got Lando they just
got Lando and they're on the Falcon and
they start making out wherever that was
in the movie that's where I gave up
I felt like however far and it was it
felt like an hour
say the last thing I missed it was the
only party cared about why do you think
rich enjoyed it so much it's I don't
know that's that's something I was gonna
talk to rich about I I think you know -
for me as someone who enjoyed the last
Jedi the thing I enjoyed about the last
Jedi was it was a movie where I didn't
know what was going to happen next and
and I was constantly engaged in the last
Jedi because this isn't it wasn't a
typical Star Wars movie that you know
characters died and things happened that
you would not necessarily expect in a
Star Wars movie and it's very possible
that rich liked solo because it behaved
exactly like a Star Wars movie it that's
too steep to find it was very it was so
incredibly predictable that I don't know
maybe that's what rich was looking for
what the pivotal cape scene right yeah
that's where I left off is looking at
all the capes wherever that was in the
movie that was the you know I don't
think I'm supposed to climb this
mountain I'll be I'll be real honest
with you but here I am and so I don't
know I came out of solo just thinking
like man what a standard and boring
movie and I maybe that's what people are
looking for maybe that's what rich is
looking for you know in Star Wars I I
started rolling my eyes there's a point
in solo where we discover something I
that I didn't even know was important to
discover which was how Han Solo got the
last name solo and it was it was a name
that was given to him by like a by like
a nobody guard by like some imperial
guard somewhere who's like what's your
last name
oh shit there's a giant there's a giant
over here can I take a giant let's save
and and we got to that point where where
he was like I'll just call you solo your
name is Han Solo a giant can clearly see
me how
okay
and I started rolling my eyes very hard
at that what the fuck dang wolf
and so yeah like you know the guard is
like what's your last name and Hans like
I don't have a last name
my guys like who what you know who are
your people I think was the guy and you
know Hans like oh I don't have any
people and they guard go and the garden
thanks for a little bit and goes okay
han Solo and I I don't know how anyone
could think highly of the movie after
that I just don't I don't get it
I don't I don't I don't so I gotta get
there I guess I gotta go around the
mountain
it was Honda solo okay your name is han
solo now and and that was it that's how
Han got the last name solo like solo
just isn't his last name because Star
Wars is a universe where people have
weirdo last names an Imperial Guard gave
him the last name solo which is insanity
that's insane to me and then he decided
to keep that last name like the last
name that some random Imperial Guard
gave him he kept for the rest of his
life named his children that right and
that's a bit of insanity I think that's
that's that's in San that's a that's in
Santa san no good old schlock is his
name being han solo like a that's a
that's a that's a dumb name that's a
Skywalker right that's a that's a silly
name that schlock explaining what we got
solo and it anyway so like I started
rolling my eyes pretty hard from the
get-go
but I don't know I don't know
and then the there there was there was
so much that I didn't much care for like
right off the bat that train heist that
train heist was was it was something
else I say I saved before I thought I
was gonna fight the Giants so I should
be good and you know really I we've
talked about this rich and I have talked
about this wit nobody needs a han Solo
movie nobody wanted a han Solo movie and
the only time anyone ever got interested
in a han Solo movie is when we thought
Lord Miller we're gonna make it right
then it's like oh oh well maybe maybe
this could be fun maybe this could be
into maybe they'll do something
interesting with it as Lord Millar are
known to do interesting things with
rebooted property so now now we got
interested and as soon as they got fired
I lost all interest again I didn't
necessarily want to see it the family
wanted to see it and so yeah he's more
coffee
no I'm definitely I'm not I'm not
throwing I'm definitely not throwing my
family under the bus they wanted to see
it and that's fine you know the wife and
the older kid seemed to enjoy it and
that's fine
I don't it's it just it was so dumb I'll
probably watch the whole thing maybe
when it comes to TV I'll rent it shit
okay already
and yeah it just was not my jam so not
necessarily my jammer someone else
attacking me is that what's happening
here
okay great and I don't know maybe maybe
I'll feel different about it when when I
see the finish the whole movie maybe
that was the problem is I just need to
see the full movie and then then I'll
enjoy it somehow but I don't know
yeah rich is sick
rich is sick so just me today
oh did I pick up those ingots I don't
think I saved Wow Wow I'm not gonna
worry about too much it's plenty shit in
this game it's games flush shit that's
in a positive way this game's full of
shit in a positive way there's a lot of
shit in this game
and what world did the last Jedi tank
you're probably talking to someone to
chat well see that's that's the thing is
hopefully what people are showing with
this is the last Jedi did phenomenal
numbers everywhere it's the life that I
was huge last Jedi was huge and solo
even though you know made millions of
dollars it was considered a
disappointment and so hopefully what the
lesson is is let filmmakers do weird
stuff with your franchise that's what we
want to see we want to see weird stuff
and and so that's the thing is is
hopefully what hopefully what Lucasfilm
and Disney Disney's take away is from
this is there was a lot of bitching and
moaning about the last Jedi but numbers
don't lie ever people saw it everybody
saw it multiple times people dug it and
nobody cared about seeing nobody cared
about seeing solo maybe because it was
boilerplate and untain uninteresting we
already saw the interesting part of Hans
story in a new hope
right and that was his character arc in
a new hope so we don't need to see any
more from his character
but I'm punching you're punching
No
tonight a fire they're they're fine
they're dying fires your shit I really
thought I really thought I was gonna die
there I'm surprising enough I watch nine
just to get it over with now I know
people my age felt during the prequels I
can level up okay and let me steal this
guy's shit and then I will level up I'll
save I'll save nope not that that
I'll save you know this but you can pick
up the arrows the enemies fire you yeah
I picked up my arrow out of his body
that's great I have a hundred and
seventy nine arrows though so I'm not
super worried about holding on to my
arrows at the moment
I think
nope nope I think he went out like
there's there's like a rumble in the
controller alright nice gold the potion
of miners damn and uh well if iron
arrows suck ass I will I will sell them
when I get and get better arrows but I
have a hundred and eighty of them so I'm
just not that gonna be too heavy enough
great
I'm getting it I'm getting it I like
this adventure is I'm going dungeon
crawling it's great it's great get on my
waist spider webs
they will let her attend listen she
she's she's made it's that I I don't
necessarily know if we can blame
Kathleen Kennedy for the state of so low
she's made some good call she's made
some bad calls she's know Kevin Feige
and they ain't that the truth
she ain't no Kevin Feige but but you
know she also gave us the sequel's and
so I think yeah being all bad I I like
to the force awakens and I liked the
last Jedi I think they're making some
big ol missteps with these side stories
that's the thing that's the thing I I
think you got you got some good you got
some good with the sequels and then you
have a couple big mistakes oh man did I
hate rogue one I really truly hated rug
one and now solo to me at least was you
know underwhelming
but the last jet has real good man and
the force awakens was real good so you
know 5050 right now
Star Wars is a coin flip and it's only a
coin flip if you're going into All Star
Wars as a whole if you're if you say
okay the sequels are gonna be good and
then the side stories are gonna be crap
then you know right now they're batting
a hundred percent for for their side
yeah it's a Bjork I just disagree with
you I really I'd kind of like oh yeah
I really just did not like rogue ones I
think I did not dig it a little more
stamina
then we'll add sniffing the art of
creating and proving weapons enchanting
alterations restoration destruction
conjuration conjuration
excuse me they would like to illusion
alchemy speech
let's let's let's up our sneak a little
bit yeah alright we're gonna be sneakier
I would honestly like to see Lucas put
in charge we already know he can't
handle being in charge we already know
that he he's a he's a micromanager you
know if you if you put him as like the
creative director and you know give him
a give him a film director in a film
writer to work under him you know he's
gonna stick his grubby little fingers in
it the man had his shot he already
borked it he already borked his chance
I've got to give it to someone else
hmm
what happened to him what happened to
him
hmm don't know if I like what's going on
here
well obviously he used that lever and
died
so let's look around for a little bit
see if we can find any compelling any
compelling reasons to
what's going on with a frame rate I
don't know frame rate is fine for me
what's going on with frame rate is I'm
using the old computer still activate
pillar
snake
snake
oh no it's snake snake fish snake snake
fish right
snake snake fish yeah figured out your
little puzzle hey great the new computer
is put together what we've discovered if
you weren't here for the very beginning
of this dream what if you weren't here
for the very very beginning of the
stream what we discovered is that xsplit
may require I'll have to look into this
and look I'm sure your chat already did
but xsplit neighbor fucking I am trying
to tell a story here xsplit may require
a graphics card even though oh I see you
I see you
another little red dot xsplit made us it
may require a graphics card even though
we're not running anything super
graphics intensive just to preview the
video of the stream we might need a
graphics card installed on our computer
which right now we've been using the
just a motherboard on the onboard
graphics thinking that that would be
enough to stream from so I need to
invest a small amount of money into the
basically the cheapest graphics card I
can come across and and try it again
and just try it again let's see here
iced lizard game says hey Jack you and
rich checked out our game mute crimson
plus a couple years ago would you like a
copy of our new steam game comet striker
it's an action arcade 2d shooter I think
you dig it the thanks either way keep up
the rad work you guys do thanks ice
lizard games yeah I remember crimson
plus that had a neat art style we played
that a little bit send me an email send
me an email with the information gold
nice nice great the switch is the
perfect console I think it is I did I
struggled a little bit with whether I
forget Skyrim for the PC which of course
you know has all the mobs and all the
fun stuff but just knowing me and
knowing where I will play games if I
want to get a significant amount of time
into games I need them on the switch
because I just don't spend that much
time in my office I spend more time out
of the house and so if I want to get
into games I need him I need him in a
place that I will play them which is on
the switch because then I can play them
anywhere
oh love fireball bullshit yeah let's
read that no I already we already upped
our wait where's this scroll of fireball
oh here is grass squirrels
wait wait what
oh shit yeah shit yeah Oh
Oh squirrels are one you spells thank
you I don't then I don't girls are one
you spells mmm
get out of here give me my flames back
then I thought I thought it basically
that was gonna be like an upgrade to my
fire spell
oh there's someone up here there's
someone up here
apparently I have not played enough D&D;
to know that a squirrel is a one-time
spell use
I figure do I figured it'd be like the
books like you know you learn
detected ah
shit I should have saved I should have
saved
yeah
okay okay okay okay
we got this we got this he's gonna we're
just gonna fire him okay potions saved
the day
frostbite venom I am rooting for the
spider get out of here we're just a 1v1
him yeah I did it I beat him and well
that wasn't what I would call a pretty
victory but I beat him
over here hello
you did it you killed it now cut me down
before anything else shows up yes the
claw I know how it works the quad the
markings the door the Hall of stories I
know how they all fit together help me
down and I'll show you you'll believe
the power the Nords have hidden there
does it look like I can move cut me down
first it's coming loose I can feel it
where is he
oh wait an airplane win is he running
away from me
ah
Ellington's
oh my god
what oh shit I didn't save after the
spider either oh fucking hell
he was betraying me okay well at least
ten none of that all right where am I
just dang it
gosh dang it all right
oh come on it's right around there
we can do it
nope
it's right around here there we go all
right well back to it well at least I
know where the spider is now I know how
most of the stuff is down here there's
some gold than these and no not these
not these urns the other urns there's
some gold in there
we didn't I don't think I got too far so
I'm not I'm not like obsessively bummed
that's empty
nothing up there
that's okay that's raps I don't know
those wraps are don't necessarily care
they will level up in just a moment
this guy uses that and dies
now we can see how it dies now that's
fun I always be saving I know always be
saving I know I didn't do it
torch
I know the lessons
and I didn't follow them and that's my
fault I take full responsibility for
having to replay this section but now
that I know that that guy's betraying me
oh no come on snake snake fish fish
right that's the same snake snake fish
and there's a bunch of rats
are you better off I'm gonna get these
rats before they can chew on me and this
is where we had a conversation about
solo and how upset I was about solo so
we don't actually have to redo that
conversation which is nice there we go
when the next one comes I'll try burning
him I see if we can you know raise up
our our magic level - yay see look I did
it there's another one so how about so I
didn't like it but I only saw like the
first 45 minutes to an hour of it due to
seeing it with my my young child who got
the super bored with it I know I want to
take it which I get because I was also
super bored with it all right here let's
go you okay some of his urn nope it's
empty
number one save boom
he's seven my youngest is seven and I
had I it like had I cared to see the
rest of solo I could have I could have
made him sit patiently and wait through
the rest of the movie you know because
they're generally speaking they're
pretty good at going to see movies but
they were you know there was just a lot
of talking there's a lot of talking and
not not a lot of action and he wanted to
leave and I said fine I was okay with
that because I kind of wanted to leave -
can i light these candles
you can't light the candles don't you
feel like--that's did I think the actor
playing solo did a decent job at least I
I mean it's it's hard to tell because
his character was super weak and so I
don't think there was any moment
okay spiders in there you know I don't
think there was any moment of like I
don't think they gave him anything to
work with so I just don't know if I can
tell you if if he was a good eye like he
wasn't bad
and he wasn't noticeably bad does that
count
maybe maybe it does I don't know
okay no one was bad no one in the movie
was bad you know but but they just Timmy
in yeah this is it to me kind of
situation to me they just didn't have
anything to work with so it's hard to
tell like if they were like oh you know
the performance of a lifetime yeah ha
level up let's level up let's level up
didn't I do this already oh yeah but
then I died
great sneak okay all right great and
then we're gonna save again always be
saving no one in the movie was bad
except for the movie right well that's
the thing like no one named the movie
was noticeably bad because what because
they there was just nothing to work with
so you can't be being out it's hard
I can go down there I don't wanna listen
this time
yes the craw I know how it works the
core the markings the door on the Hall
of stories I know how they all fit
together help me down I'll show you
you'll believe the power the Nords have
hidden their lies today this whole
stream of riches sick
why should I share the treasure with
anyone
got it great a belted tunic no I don't
want any that there there you go your
dingus Bernie alive how about that
not food books oh here it is our bells
Journal
my fingers are trembling the golden claw
is finally in my hands and with it the
power of the ancient Nordic heroes that
fool Lucan Valerius had no idea that his
favorite store decoration was actually
the key to Black falls Barrow now I just
need to get to the Hall of stories and
unlock the door the legend says there is
a test that the Nords put in to place
the unworthy away but that when you have
the golden claw the solution is in the
palm of your hands all right cool all
right great guess what we're gonna do
we're gonna save again
oh you know what else we're gonna do
we are gonna wait till our Magica
increases and then we're gonna zombify
our friend here so he can help us fight
help us fight the dudes that's what
we're gonna do is there a way I can have
him pick up his sword beforehand though
like how do I make how do I give him his
sword you know how do I do that
Bradford young cinematography was it too
dark
it was uninteresting ever I liked it it
looks bland everything about solo looked
bland everything about it I didn't like
it and I don't like him I don't like it
that he just spoke Wookiee I don't like
it that Lando just spoke Wookiee and
that's how he was able to prefer end
Chewbacca where did he learn how to
speak Wookiee reverse lute is the best
way to say it in texts like how did how
did Han learn to speak Wookiee
oh I see I stored it I get it I stored
the sword with the body I did it
wait no I want no my axe back
it is I okay ray zombie all right come
on brother let's rock and roll
we got zombies to fight come on
all right
excuse me
shit shit shit shit all right
there we go there we go ok we did it we
did it we did it we did
aah what do you got on you drew gar whoo
ancient nord great sword I'll take that
that's a neat weapon
nor do I wait how's that axe compared to
my axe that's that's always the question
with these right like I got a steel axe
that's 10 damage bought if we got an
ancient nord oh it's 10 damage - but
does it look cooler yeah a little bit
Jax backing away game is getting better
listen it doesn't have to be pretty if
you win that's the lesson Master
Splinter taught us is it doesn't need to
be a fair fight the only thing that
matters is who wins I hope that's how
you all play - you just back away while
a while lighting everyone on fire I'm
gonna assume that is how the game is
played that's how that's how I'm gonna
play it
that's how I can't raise you into
zombies yes that's how it's played okay
great well good then that's how I'm
playing it I see I see what's going huh
whoops - dude Wow let's heal up I see
what's happening I stepped on the thing
all right it's that one right there
right he's gonna rise up no yeah of
course your honor
and I didn't save no I didn't save so
that was gonna be teaching me a lesson
but apparently not great I'm okay with
that is that okay so now we're gonna
save
great I hope you like Crips with
druggers cuz there's a lot of them oh
great great
well great I will come on friend you're
gonna come with me we're gonna oh wait
now we're gonna we're gonna take this ax
and then if I search you go to weapons
right and I take the ancient nord axe
and then I store it in you then I raise
AMI come on dingus let's go party
get your ax out
there's another one
yeah good job dummy your mod dummy now
great that that worked out perfectly
what do we want here oh uh maybe some
more help
I'm not super worried about magic I'm
not running out of Magica yet
let's get another sneak in there of
course twenty mile it well then sure
wait up great alright come on dummy
see well let's see if we can loot the
room I'm gonna you're gonna you're gonna
he's gonna collapse in a little bit get
stamina all you can early yeah it's not
a bad idea
just to just to get more stamina because
I just assumed that that come on dummy
oh oh no no no I'm gonna lose you know
all right well guess what you are gonna
be my new dummy congratulations and then
you store it in the corpse great
okay pick the weapons off the ground she
searched your body no weapons in its
inventory you don't need anything else
so much gold oh okay oh shit
oh sorry dummy
I lost my dummy that's all right we can
take these guys without a dummy right of
course again money is fairly worthless
through old Wharf Wow oh I'm getting it
I didn't save
that's great
all right first of all we're gonna save
great then you're my new dummy but see
the the axe is on the ground so are you
saying he's gonna pick up the axe cuz I
would like him to pick up the axe but
I'm skeptical on whether or not he will
pick up the axe pick out the axe see
he's not gonna pick it up because we're
not because we're not in any like real
danger I don't think he's gonna pick it
up so but then I think if I go into my
items now and can I give him the axe I
can I store it in him no I can just drop
it Hey
excuse me Demi yeah well I gotta kill
you again now you got in my way hey
you're gonna be my new dummy
oh shit oh shit everything's on fire
everything's on fire everything's on
fire okay so that happened all right
great
it's okay we'll just use magic we all we
have so much magic just gonna use the
magic and we already know whether you
got gold got an axe body here weapons
store an axe on you let's rock and roll
let's have you fight so my conjuring
skill get something wait is this on the
switch this is on the switch
this is indeed on the Nintendo switch
and it runs fairly smoothly especially
in handheld mode looks decent
come on dummy get him
yeah you did it good old dummy this
scroll of mayhem nice nice
I will save why not just walk into them
if you run into your companions you can
make them move okay well that's good to
know that is good to know is this
good I get to take one of you with me
what are you lash
they'll ask store and raise out me
great
no staves for you oh oh you stink no
saves for me except for a look at all of
these black falls temple safes that I
have I have so many saves I've been
saving I've been saving like a damn fool
did you die now you're still like this I
like this holes not a zombie friend
thing another scroll of fireball
who are you going after who are you
going after
yes we got my my conjuring up a little
bit that guy a great stream so far well
thanks Doyle I don't know like you know
solo streams are tough I die I have no
idea how other streamers do it when
there's when there's no one to talk to
you kind of you know it's hard it's hard
to just keep talking to yourself and ant
yourself so I am just trying to kind of
explain what it is that I'm doing in the
game so I hope that's not terribly
boring for you but hey you know here we
are
here we are I take racks and we like
this and restore didn't yeah because
then we're gonna zombie which is just
the best power in the game as far as I'm
concerned as soon as I saw I had as soon
as I found I found that book early on
that that make his aam be spell book I I
was so excited for it
I was so very excited
nice nice you're doing good jack and we
are proud of you we're gonna put this
playthrough on the fridge at home thanks
Fistful of groovy that's all I ever
wanted to hear okay you can't get
through there I'll lose my zombie friend
I'm taking too long
still with me now your lifetime
and I'm trying to keep up with
everything here if we have any tips or
anything but you know think I think
everything's going good you know the the
only thing as far as like how late we're
gonna go is how much time I want to be
able to see if I can fix this streaming
computer tonight without a graphics card
which is its sounding like it might not
be possible unfortunately hey you know
we should do we should save we should
definitely save
expert specifically says it needs a
graphics card dang it
well dang it
at least like you said you sent that
link earlier where where we can get one
relatively cheap and
and that's that's all I'm really looking
for is like you know we're not we're not
looking to spend you know obviously we
want it to be nice but we're not looking
to break the bank
there we go
those on rich to keep his old PCs he
might have oh he might have an old
graphics card actually let me I will go
check with him I will check with rich
cuz you're right he might have an old
graphics card
black folks sanctum
seems ominous
this seems ominous coffee and juice I
have to try yea grapefruit juice double
fists black coffee with grapefruit juice
to the the unsweetened kind of
grapefruit juice 100% pure grapefruit
juice not like ruby red or any of that
shit and it supposedly intensifies the
caffeine high and I I think it does I
feel it and it's just a good flavor
pairing kind of raises the sweetness of
the grapefruit juice now you know
grapefruit juice is good for you so so
why not
why do you not have a dedicated graphics
cards on the new PC well the new PC is
just for streaming the idea was we build
something that CPU heavy and almost
skimp on everything you know CPU have a
you know decent motherboard just because
you know we need a lot of USB ports and
stuff like that but but basically we
don't need a Ripper of a PC we don't
need a gaming PC we just need something
to stream with that we hook our gaming
PC up to so that the gaming PC doesn't
burn out its CPU and crash all the time
like it does and so we were thinking
that we could run the graphics off the
motherboard because there is an HDMI out
of the motherboard and that would save
us a few bucks as far as the streaming
only PC as that PC we're not going to
we're not going to put any games on it
we're not the only program we're gonna
run on it is xsplit and chatty that's it
and so the thought was that we could you
know kind of get away with it but
apparently I didn't research far enough
into xsplit and I didn't realize that we
need a graphics card
what's another one of those things
I didn't research it and as I discovered
today trying to get the stream running
and you know running late obviously is
that we need and I see and I see
what we discovered is that we need a
graphics card just in order to fuck to
use xsplit nope don't hit me with that
arrow please thank you just to use
xsplit you just need a graphics card but
we can still get a relatively cheap one
so I still think we'll be fine
Tiberius I think you've found one for
like $38 so I don't know what that is
necessarily but and so you know we'll
spend an additional $30 really the only
rough part is now we have to wait until
Wednesday to get it you know for the
next stream to kind of get everything
working again but hey that's okay it is
what it is
you know this dream is working fine
mostly because I'm playing on the switch
and not and not over taxing the gaming
computer with playing a game and
streaming
the FPS drop is just because the capture
card between the switch and the PC
corrects which is the other nice thing
about the build is we got an internal
capture card we got we got the internal
capture card with its own decoder in it
so theoretically we won't have these
dropped frames we'll be able to start
streaming at 1080p and even possibly at
60 frames a second if that's something
you care about
so these streams will be a lot nicer
once we get hey you know what I should
do once we get the the whole capture the
the streaming pc situation figured out
which like I said I thought I had
figured out but hey sometimes you got to
make mistakes before
before you even know what the solution
is right okay I didn't know I had a
problem but now that I know I got a
problem I can find a solution or more
importantly have Tiberius Kirk find a
solution for me thanks Kirk I feel like
there should have been more in there
doesn't it feel like there should have
been more bad guys in there that seemed
like a bad guy every room need a fork a
stream analytics say that most of you
guys aren't even watching this in 7:20
anyway I saved oh that looks like a boss
room right
analytics says that all y'all are
watching this in like 360p
hold on
most in 480 or ya know like three 360
480 like YouTube as well like most most
most YouTube viewers and these numbers
are still are still true even with
YouTube being on you know a lot of
people's TV now the the most view is
that that you will get on YouTube is
through mobile devices generally
speaking it might be different for us
specifically just because of you know
our form of content is a little long
form but you know let me open up the
analytics app in our YouTube and it
tells you what do we got here
and then what does that mean
it doesn't tell me I'm the
oh we get a look we got a lot of views
last month from from this being a
suggested video that's good it doesn't
tell me I'm the app but I can go through
it on at at home this seems like that
glove that I got right I can go through
it at home and I so I think for us most
people want it on the PC but generally
speaking most people watch it on their
phone which is not in high def what was
that thing called the golden claw how do
I look at it
oh hello wait wait wait
go go
here we go
okay what
okay we got bear ber a bear moth owl
they're both mad bear bear off owl all
right great no problem
there
I honestly just thought I'd have to
stick that thing in here but apparently
it had a little key on it moth there we
go want some who wants and who wants and
who wants them who wants them
I can move some light research on this
it appears that folks are able to get
the expert working via integrated
reference maybe try reinstalling Direct
X 10.1
I will look into that I wonder if I have
DirectX installs maybe maybe that's the
thing is when you get a graphics card it
just automatically installs DirectX so
maybe I will reinstall that or just
install it you would assume just with
integrated graphics it would work fine
just because the streaming program uses
mostly the CPU I just saved before I
came into this room
but
I suppose we're gonna find out
is there easy even a reason for experts
to require a graphics card I can only
assume it's for the preview I mean it's
not running anything graphics-intensive
except for the fact that it shows us a
little preview and perhaps what they're
worried about is the preview being
misleading to what you are actually
streaming out okay yeah that's neat
xsplit offload some of the work to the
hardware really
Kirk is saying that xsplit offload some
of the work to the graphics card and if
that's true
they're no bad guys over here huh yeah I
was kind of thinking there would be a
fight but apparently well oh something's
gonna come out of this right and as if
that's what's gonna happen
I'm gonna save like right here before I
open the chest I save right here cuz
something's gonna come out of that chest
as soon as I open hope gold amethyst
the staff of fury oh my god I got to
drop something I got to drop something I
think I have like oh yeah I can drop one
of those is that get me down yeah I
guess
oh my god I got so many treasures what
the heck is this
what I do
what did I do
your first one what what does that mean
did I learn a magic
what
dragon souls are required to unlock
shouts oh I don't have a okay I learned
a shout die eat a dick
Oh Oh yo I'm gonna die don't give me yet
don't kill me yet okay okay great that
was awesome
that was intense that was intense and
epic and and I'm very happy about that
that was great
dianna fire
please die
yeah yeah Dragonstone
boom boom take your gold - except for
now I'm overweight again
that we're not using the mace anymore
okay great yeah got it
that was great that was great prey
jacket it's you know it's need maybe I
think I think a lot of this is just
because I've been doing a lot of like
Dungeons and Dragons lately I do feel
like I'm a little more into this has
given me a ton of great ideas for for
ways to kind of incorporate these ideas
into into games that I'm writing it like
I'm kind of in the I'm in a I'm in a
fantasy place right now I I'm in a
fantasy mindset so so why can I you
dragons I need a Dragon Soul to unlock a
shout how can I level up poke nice
I need a dragon so let's stamina it I
agree that's the way to go
and then let's can I sneak it nope I
can't sneak it yeah nice
here can idle a quick it can't I like
for you 25 okay I know cannot pick
pocket it I already picked pocketed it
alright what's speech buying and selling
prices are 10% better sure I'll take
that you know what I'll take that that's
pretty good stuff get stuff a little
cheaper alright so yeah I think that
like that's why I kind of wanted to play
Skyrim a little bit is just because I
have that I have that fantasy bug right
now after watching re watching Lord of
the Rings and playing a bunch of
Dungeons & Dragons like hey got you I'm
just I'm just ready okay
there we go
garnett and get soul gem silver sapphire
necklace yes oh so much loot all the
loot all of it on a new axe though I
didn't get it maybe they want all those
swords would be great I do prefer my
axes this guy tries very hard to feel
like Lord of the Rings yeah yeah I mean
I get it I get where I understand the
influences and am perfectly okay with
them all over here the waterfall is
anything behind you know
maybe I'll just take there I'm gonna
look all around see if there's any
treasures any hidden
yeah looks like it's something do
something no it's a weird rendering
glitch okay great
like I'm okay with these universes every
once in a while I know rich often says
he's not a fan like the fantasy setting
but be honest I am I'm okay with him I'm
loving the stream with Jack say I sorry
I'm so sorry I just get so excited I get
so excited I don't want to deal with
saving we're planning what attempts it's
all good
was it
oh my god
we're where you
Mountain flower I don't think I want to
do that right
but I kind of do I want to take all I
want to take all of you
huh
really thought that was gonna do
something
guess it didn't
thank you for reiterating what's going
on with the frame rate yeah it's just on
your end because of the capture card I
also don't know why our capture card has
such a problem but all will be taken
care of soon shortly soon shortly
okay
raped we gotta go back gotta go back
over the gosh dang Mountain
gotta go all the way around the mountain
again dang it
let's take a look at our inventory real
quick
see many of our weapons great sword nor
great sort of cold awesome
yeah
steel war axe yeah
I wanna see I wanted to see if there was
a better one-handed weapon but it looks
like all of these are two-handed weapons
I do like my one-handed weapons
I assume this is a two-handed weapon I
guess
it's on Jackson because in the gameplay
and not the camera right and I don't
like I said I don't know why that is we
we use we use a USB capture card to
capture the gameplay footage and what I
can only assume is happening is just
it's just the transfer or speed you know
capture card and there's a bottleneck in
there somewhere and so part of the part
of the thing that hopefully will fix
this is in the streaming pc we got a
look like just a rack
part of the upgrade that we got was a
integrated capture card
hello I'm just a poor old woman here no
need to trouble yourself with me it's
tough just scraping by out here but I
make do okay whoo
what do you got there broom it's tough
just scraping by
but I make okay
I want to steal any air shit
who's gonna read your books that's okay
hello
I'm just breaking into your cellar door
I'm just breaking into this old lady's
cellar nothing weird about that
hello so ladies a freak
she's a freaky which is look at this
what is this
I'm gonna save here's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna save because I'm gonna use
this and I don't know what it is but I
love it this freaky old lady yeah why do
you hesitate you can feel the power
coursing through your blood you have
only to reach out and grasp it renounce
that boy of yours and come come live
with me in the forest my sister will be
here soon together we can form a proper
coven and your training will truly begin
yes he's a freak witch she's a freaky
witch and I'm hanging in her cell oh
hello I don't want to steal it I want to
read it okay what is this - what is this
- let's use it let's use it to enchant
an item you must know an enchantment and
have a filled soul gem to power the
enchantment enchantments are learned by
disenchanting enchanted items okay
okay so let's disenchant the novice
robes of conjuration which means
conjuration spells cost 12% lasts oh &
magicka regenerates
oh yeah that's something we want okay
let's do that are you sure you want to
destroy this item and learn its effects
yes you learned the fortify conjuration
& magicka regen enchantment from
destroying this item great all right
great
so then we take like my do to do to do
my ancient yeah okay I get it okay we
take like my ancient Nord war axe chose
enchantment can no I'm hoping I was
hoping to use that enchantment on my axe
cuz I use my axe all the time petty soul
is not gonna cut it is that it no so we
got to disenchant here so this is just
does target takes five point a frost
damage inhale okay that time II that's
pretty cool I like that Tiger takes five
points at frost damage and health
artists become their shows if the target
dies in three second fills a soul
jamming
what else can I shan't
you know I want to enchant something
that I'm gonna use can i enchant that I
cannot enchant that can I enchant my
boots
I cannot a chat my boots all right can i
enchant a ring I cannot well what the
fuck can you enchant sapphire necklace I
bet
oh I'd love to enchant my steno alright
I'm gonna quit and chanting pick teen oh
there you go that's a good idea
pick the enchantment first okay
then pick the items petty soul gem okay
then
nice you guys got it oh I can enchant my
iron armor that's good that's 25 what's
iron armor it's 27 wait a 30 and you
have a weight of six but I get five more
armor so I can enchant my iron armor
with the stuff that makes my magic oh
wait 27 and you're what actually you
know what I'm gonna do my studded armor
because it gives me about the same armor
level but it's not as weighted okay
craft it up nope oh oh I get to rename
it okay
you know what I want to cancel okay so
craft and change item yes we did it we
did it so now I can go to my items go to
apparel and go to my studded Imperial
armor which now magic of regenerates
faster and conjuration casts so it has a
it has a diminish effect apparently when
you did it when you do it but my magic
ax replenishes faster and that's pretty
nice that's pretty nice I did it I did
it I did it what I don't want to fight
you lady thanks for letting me use your
shit I gotta go no I don't want to fight
you okay she did not like it that I went
into her place no leave me alone
I don't wanna fight you I don't want to
fight you leave me alone leave me alone
I don't want to fight this old lady I
just wanted to use her magic shit god
damn it old lady you're gonna make me
fight you aren't you all right you know
what fine
you know what fucking fine where are you
yeah yeah now look what you made me do I
didn't want to fight you I just wanted
to use your magic shit yeah I'm sorry
now you're a naked old now you're a
naked old lady dying in the woods and
now I'm gonna go back to your hut and
steal all your shit
god dammit I didn't want to kill her I
did not want to kill her you guys saw me
I tried running away
I tried de-escalating the situation she
didn't want it she wanted to have she
wanted to have a go she wanted to have a
go and that was her fault and now I'm
gonna steal all of her shit and that's
her fault to mine now all this all this
is mine now a wooden sword alright
what is this care about that
all right what do we got here we got a
bunch of shit bunch of dumb shit what
can I sell you know what this book I was
stealing it ruined book stealing oh yeah
all that stealing okay about an that Red
Mountain flower stolen bucket don't need
it and I'm gonna go down here I'm gonna
steal all your shit now lady I'm so
upset that this lady that bit a stolen
all right who was that kid all leather
straps hat black robes now we don't do
that what is can i weak poison poison
ferrell yeah great
I'm just all this lady's stuff great
great great great all of its stolen now
what is this
that's an alchemy lab let's find out she
done goofed III I didn't I didn't know
that she would be mad at me for going
down here okay
okay flower and sure okay I apparently
don't know anything about crafting so
I'm gonna I'm not gonna craft anymore
oh I'm caring too much stuff I'll drop
it when I get up there oh that lady I'm
so I'm so bummed that that old lady made
me kill her
I'm so bummed let's find something to
drop what don't I need I don't need you
okay great
eat one of each ingredient oh just to
see what it does
I know Thai beers I didn't know I I
thought I thought I could just hang
around in her basement without her
noticing cuz it didn't you know all the
stuff that that says like that's in like
read all the stuff like if you steal
it's all in red and so it goes hey you
know if you take this there's gonna be
consequences so I I assumed that if a
bad thing would have happened by going
into her cellar it would have been in
red as well that was my assumption but
apparently it was not it was not but I
learned a lesson who's that
shit bandits you know
yeah yeah fuckin bandits
what do you can do wait now I got heroes
fucking bandits
can't you see can't you see that I'm the
main character of this adventure
they can't that's the problem
Jack just victim blaming blaming again I
yeah yeah no I get that I get that I
hear that but at the same time I was I
was unaware of the law which I know is
no defense for breaking the law ignorant
of the law is is no excuse for breaking
that law but Your Honor I didn't know I
couldn't murder people I guess I just
thought that the that the the option
would be in red no I mean for those
bandits no I mean F those those bandits
it clearly said bandit under the name
I'm okay killing all of them because you
know bandits am i right
oh I was here already don't worry about
that
let's go walk back to town it's okay to
murder without a witness but stealing is
always gonna get you in trouble oh wow
she attacked me and then she wasn't
around to see me stealing so
so again her fault
doot-doot-doot that's the way we don't
need you right now look at it look at
all those places I can go ahead
venturing that's exciting
oh I know this place them's the Giants
I'm gonna fight them later not right now
I'm not gonna fight them right now
obviously it's not like you killed
children or anything that's a capital
crime in sky is it we'll see about that
if you steal some things from a person
the person you stole them from puts a
bounty on you and thugs come to kill you
that's assuming they catch me
wolf kicking wolf eat it eat it wolf
boom kill a moose
we should probably kill a moose nice
deer hide antlers venison you Inc kill a
moose
you know who noticed that I laugh
exactly like George McFly is Jay I can
get a horse like a horse
hello
one of these days I had like a horse
I you know I laugh our laugh there is
George McFly laughs I got different
laughs everything's fine you know
you can buy a horse from that stable
okay I think I might yeah might buy a
horse that'd be nice don't forget to
save
I will save save we're gonna finish up
this mission here and then we're gonna
call it it's going to hand in my my
Dragonstone to this dude and then we are
gonna call it an afternoon stream what
well I used to sneak out at night and
try to tip over the big ox and the very
main cure I mean I do I do want to slap
that kid she's being a little little bee
where'd she go where'd that little bit
that's crazy little bee she was being a
give me your money
oh no up here nope nope nope okay
I won't kill her but if I had the option
to smack her around I'd give her a good
one asking that poor kid for his money
get out of town smack around a little
kid how is Skyrim in 2018 as someone
this is my first time ever playing
Skyrim I'm enjoying it I get it
a combat leaves a little to be desired
it's a little too
it's a little too dumb oh but I I did
the exploring the adventuring aspects of
it but I'm sure as I get more things
perhaps dating to just after the dragon
war if so I could use this to
cross-reference the names with other
later texts good I'm glad you're making
progress my employers are anxious to
have some tangible answer
Oh have no fear the yarl himself has
finally taken an interest
so I'm now able to devote most of my
time to this research
time is running foreign guard don't
forget this isn't some theoretical
question
dragons have come back yes yes ah yeah
that's Baro seems you are a cut above
the usual brutes the yarrow sends my way
you'll have to see the aural about that
may be his steward have a neat cheek
I'm sure one of them will pay you
appropriately I have not made it to an
error in the knee job no pleased to see
your handiwork she discovered its
location by means she is so far declined
to share with me come to Dragon's reach
to discuss the ongoing hostilities like
the rest of the great warriors
oh my god
you know we've got the aperture back
okay where's the Aral I don't get my
money that excuse you there's got my
money as you can the oral has put out a
bounty on some bandits here take a look
at this decree details okay I can do a
whole I can do a kill the bandit leader
quests those are nice and easy I want to
find the Earl though so I can get my
money
maybe zip those stairs hey where'd this
jackass go not damn it I wanted just I
already have a copy of Nords of if one
of these gives me any magic or quests
legends aha there we go yes such a nerdy
thing that books books give you quests I
love it you're killed I love it
mysterious a Kivar The Cabin in the
Woods I already killed that old lady
are you gonna continue the play fit oh
yeah I mean I'm like I can I think this
is one of those games that I can just
pick up and play any time I know on
Wednesday or you know we had talked on
Wednesday about kind of going through
all the major III videos and whatnot and
just talking III stuff if there's not a
lot to talk about then maybe we'll put
this on while we do it
I also if if rich is up to it you know
we can do injustice to as soon as we get
the streaming pc working so many side
quests I love it I love it and yeah all
these books like these are fully these
are look at this look I can't I can't
imagine what the writing teams days were
my always always just write write write
all the stuff where that dude go though
I want to know I want to know how I use
my dragon breath I'm a dragon voice hey
areas I need your help again okay what
survived helghan so you have more
experience with dragons than anyone else
here but I haven't forgotten the service
you did for me in retrieving the Dragons
stone for fahren god as a token of my
esteem I have instructed Avenue G that
you are now permitted to purchase
property in the city and it's please
accept this gift from my personal armory
I should come along I would very much
like to see this dragon I am now able to
purchase property in the city oh you
know that means my house more books more
books yes give me all the quests
all the quests come on come on come on
oh you know I know I'm carrying too much
to be able to run history empire yeah
we're starting to move slow now so now I
want to buy a house I gotta buy a house
I gotta figure out how to buy a house
and uncommon tastes
I gotta figure out how to buy a house
and then I'll be able to store all my
shit like I have so many books that I
don't want to get rid of because I'm a
book hoarder I'm a hoarder in general
but like most of my inventory is books
at the moment map updated its why you
read all the books the the fact that
they that they incentivize you to God to
read all the books on are we gonna drop
something we got we got dropped
something else this is gonna get very I
know all this shit I gotta I gotta sell
a bunch of stuff I'm not wearing this
iron armor but I can sell it well you
know what we're just gonna walk slow
we're gonna walk slow to the shop stop
being the fat guy from Game of Thrones
know I love it and I love it what a
terrible incentive like I I I've read a
book and I got a you know it updated
something on my map you read books you
get quests that is so wonderful to
someone like me who really enjoys books
and reading books oh god I'm so sorry
everyone I don't wanna
I'm also perfectly comfortable slow
walking to the shop so I can get that
extra 25 gold or whatever I'm gonna get
for the one thing that makes me too
heavy yeah I'm fatty McGee Oh more books
alright I'll save here let's say okay
okay he remember fatty McGee from the
Adam Sandler comedy CD alright
quit okey-dokey let's get to the end of
the stream shenanigans which is the part
of the stream in which we thank does
everyone at Harlem ever play dungeons
dragons just me as far as I know
according to rich Mikey used to play
Dungeons and Dragons when he was younger
but I'm the only one at the moment okay
so this is the part of the stream in
which I thank all of you lovely people
who have subscribed to us during this
stream we really appreciate it thank you
guys so much so thank you redux 89 axe
is the collector for 23 fucking months
in a row Frisco Jones Development Tech
who says eight months yay thanks for
everything
Alex Mick douche bag evil crash 9 for 25
fucking months in a row PES freak for 13
months in a row who says yeah euro
friendly stream doe doe Dan a doe Dan Z
it's how you say it doe Dan Z who says
you guys are the best to keep up the
great work
yellow is a flavor mo mike 1 2 3 4 who
says Jack what are your thoughts on the
new gorillaz Apple based on the 3
singles that have been recently released
what did you think of the previous album
from last year I talked about the
previous album when it came out how I
didn't much like it I still I still love
halleluiah money I think halleluiah
money is a brilliant song and a really
interesting number but I think the album
as a whole felt to disjoined to listen
to and to get into so I didn't care much
for the entire album the singles coming
out of this new girls album it sounds
really slick
and I'm looking forward to it I'm not
gonna let one dip ruin me on all
gorillas so I'll be listening to the new
album blocks key Bros for twelve months
in a row who says one year of watching
other people playing games time
well-spent
absolutely shack soda
Travon nama James farmer who says thanks
jack loving the old Sierra strings at me
as well sign in to use app sign in to
use app thank you for subscribing land
cow me luck
47 who says noot noot hack frauds man
that some moose man oh no man that is
moose William Tyndale unopposed beetle
where did we go unopposed deal and that
is moose oh uh lemma star kick girl v4
twenty six fucking months in a row of
hot dog buns for 21 fucking months in a
row Wolfington a one two three J Kido
eight four thirty three fucking months
in a row
who says thirty three months oh my gosh
Bunga dug for 45 motherfucking months in
a row who says grades blades shades
raids prereq gave me crippling diabetes
cheap oneth for 21 fucking months in a
row who says my subscription is now old
enough to drink you hack of frauds
not quite Chiba with this time it's a
lupus for 31 fucking months in a row who
says holy shit 31 months good thing for
you guys I don't have anything better to
do with my time
thanks a lot lupus ah do do SF firestorm
33 multi 1989 Felix
of Mars for thirty three fucking months
in a row zombie ziltoid 38 T boba tea
Bob Thai Bob 82 I'm gonna say Thai
Babita to jewelers number four twenty
three fucking months in a row of and
rent for 25 fucking months in a row who
says 25 months is five more than twenty
hen eita the mangle um Lamy star tux
Dale axe
who says Jack protip ignore story and
explore whatever you want story is the
weakest part of all the Elder Scroll
Graham's although it can be very
therapeutic just to walk around the
world
while listening to some light auntie
music it's seriously great yeah you know
I I think the the only upside to kind of
following a bit of the story path is
that that's the stuff that is at the
level that you're at and so I don't want
to veer too far off I was we saw I came
across some foes that I could not beat
yet
so you know little give-and-take I guess
neo Orpheus and d20 dorkus
thank you all for subscribing I really
appreciate it I'm sure rich really
appreciates it as well if you were here
I'm sure he would say he really
appreciates it as well
jack is never going to pronounce euler
property probably not because it looks
like it starts with a Y so I want to say
Euler instead of Euler I have a good bye