No Justice in This World (pt 4)
July 1, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQNZObyFWwI

mute you did it jack hey everybody we're
back also thanks to those in chat who
let me know that biscuit needed
something it's true you need a train
that's getting you a treat we're back
okay great
and and now we're back alright so now
let's continue with this multiverse
thing and playing as different
characters because that's fun any RPG
recommendations for the switch Jack were
you a fan of golf story golf story is
really cute I don't know if it counts as
an RPG because it's just a golf game
we've talked about this before where the
term RPG is kind of lost its relevance
yeah I suppose that's true pretty much
they're just a number of different
genres of game that have various levels
of RPG elements RPG is a lot of fun a
Gulf story is a lot of fun though it
loses a bit of the joke as the game
plays on yeah
like very early on in the game you have
to do something which I thought was
super fun and got me hooked right away
which is there are zombies attacking the
golf course and you need to hit them
away with golf clubs and so you'd have
to aim and hit designs and I thought oh
this is great this is gonna be a game
full of weird stuff and you have to use
like a basic golfing mechanic to to you
know continue on with the story but that
really that's like the only weird thing
that happened really yeah like nothing
else really weird like that happened so
that was a little upsetting
for easy difficulty here I'm kind of
between games maybe I should maybe I
should give a golf story a shot it's
cute you know what it's super cute
and you know like just that kind of like
golf game mechanic is very fun I think I
think a simple something I got too much
time in with Hellboy let's let's do this
and that's just on the switch right golf
story I do not know I need to tell you
that I do not okay
rich you will hate it go here to unlock
new characters go to customize
characters and unlock new characters
why will I hate it is the actual golfing
fun I think it is but you know it's it's
like old-school golfing it's very simple
golfing you know yeah but I think it's
really fun I enjoy golfing in Grand
Theft Auto 5 ok
like did you play anything of the Tiger
Woods golf game no they're dumb they're
dumb fun
I'm messing up my mega punch
now don't ask me why I don't have a good
reason but I've always thought Tiger was
just kind of obnoxious the golfer or the
game the golfer I don't know why I hate
his smug face well oh you know who
doesn't hate his smug face all the
ladies who he cheats on his wife with
that's a low blow
as a low blow maybe it just annoys me
that a sport as dumb as with golf would
have a superstar but a tennis superstar
forever I don't understand the appeal of
watching golf on television I don't get
it
I mean I agree with you but like you
know Jetta this is Jack Nicholson this
is you know Golf has always had a
superstar Tiger Tiger Woods
reinvigorated golf sure he brought he
brought fresh new life into golf
oh fuck you Black Adam
you brought fresh new life to the most
boring squirt to watch I'm covering this
is coming from my man who likes baseball
right okay I'm trying to trying to punch
him through the thing so I can see if
there's another part to this level but
apparently not
shit oh no I lost watching golf on TV is
the same soothing effect watching Bob
Ross has for other people Bob Ross is
the way to speak I know the golf has
that I mean not for you no no not for me
I don't play a baseball game on stream I
have come close to streaming power pros
once or twice
I wanted us there I watched baseball on
TV two hours one guy throwing a ball
other guys swinging the bat head of
missing baseball is best enjoyed a
person and I think it's best enjoyed the
smaller ball not a major league baseball
is great you get few good seeds here's
where the pump cut on a nice day hot dog
you know here in Milwaukee baseball
talent real quick baseball is relaxing
time intermixed with occasional brief
periods of quick action oh my son I'm
chatting with my friend I meet the hot
dog some cold drinks
I also helps if you have a reading
interest yes you know like if you are
down with the whole homie team thing yep
there's very little I can get down with
in baseball except for here in Milwaukee
we are well known for the tailgate and
tailgating for those who don't know it
means that you go to the stadium like
three hours before the game starts and
you start drinking and grilling out and
partying then you go in to watch the
baseball game continue drinking and
eating and partying and then after the
game is over you go back out to the
parking lot and tailgate again and so
it's this insane thing where it's just
like the tailgating is great because
like just everyone parks their car in
the giant parking lot and people set up
tents and grill and you can go to like
different people's area and everyone's
very welcoming and like that's part of
here I brought some buns and you got hot
dogs covered party yeah like I know I
know so many people that tailgate and
then as soon as the game starts they
leave
just because they like tailgating oh the
atom is in this you'll never see me
coming you feel about that whole blade
boys bad yeah that's not bad I really
loved what what uh the atom just did
there I've just not realized that John
DiMaggio would be a great ho boy John
DiMaggio is great at a lot of things
Oh John DiMaggio would be a great home
boy I
I will hear Ron Perlman sure for a long
long time
and this guy's kind of doing a run from
an impression if this is not ron perlman
it could be run for a Madonna
look at his little Adam miss that's
great shit I gotta get better at that
I'd love to see what a super s movie
Adam yeah he's got it
yeah oh did I lose my super
what are this thing see properly what is
what is it doing
I have no idea I'm sure it affects me
negatively somehow but I just don't know
can you even hit him when he's small
like that like is he invulnerable what
he does know yeah I like when he gets
smaller that's his block move but like
when he turns microscopic I can't hit
him at all
I'm excited to see Cooper's I don't know
what his real name is Cooper's
interpretation of Hellboy from stranger
things
oh yeah yeah I forgot he was doing he's
he's the new Hellboy he should be
interesting he David something right oh
oh I don't know what his real name is
and I feel really terrible because he's
you know he's right but I think I think
like thinking about his personality like
the the kind of the ease and the the
chill that he brings in stranger things
like he's gonna be a perfect total boy
David Harbor David Harbor from stranger
things he plays the sheriff yeah and
he's gonna be I think a perfect he's a
fine choice - yeah a great choice yeah
reminder that Adam got to ride in Wonder
Woman's cleavage in the Justice League
listen leave your leave your rules 30s
some things out of here it's just the
perk of having a shrinking collar okay
geez Wonder Woman you're carrying all
that other stuff you know I could fit
right in there you know I'm sure you
have a pocket but you know I could fall
out you know you know cliche got the
front pockets Touche rich
Oh
mark hamill I'll fix it
no it's it really it's that special
Joker voice we've heard it before he
who's doing a Mark Hamill impression so
the guy who did it in Arkham origins
someone fairly famous for voice there
does it say Baker on this I think it is
he's not he does just sound like a
knockoff yeah yeah like that's what he's
doing he's doing like you know what you
know they say that after Dana Carvey did
it any anyone else doing a George W Bush
impression was just doing a Dana Carvey
impression oh yeah it's like that's what
this guys doing he's just like I'm he's
just doing market
I think there's truth to that statement
which is fine you know like someone does
an impression so perfectly like
obviously everyone else is gonna do it
with you which I'm sure is the name of
the supermoon I'm sorry that George HW
original original Bush
oh you Millennials aka people who are
only slightly younger than us no and I
think actually I am a millennial I know
that's why I'm a twitch streamer huh not
even a prominent one no that's why
you're an unprofitable cuz I'm not in
the I'm not prime millennial you dragged
me into this shit
uh-huh you're welcome you're welcome
grandpa you can tell us stories about
Laurel and Hardy I can tell you stories
about who George HW Bush was that's our
vision that was an honest mistake
see now here it says suggested character
level 10 or more but I don't know what
character levels are I don't know
actually it's not even letting me do it
it's not even letting me do it
volume bloodshot says finally finished
the Punisher show it is the best version
of the character but still not great
weak writing blend Direction cheap sets
bad pacing and overall boring Frank
shouldn't be called The Punisher it
should be called the home invader I
agree thank you mistake if I if I
understand what they've done they've
done in the show is to try to humanize
Frank Castle he's just the merciless
killing machine yes that's all you need
to do it's a very simple concept and I
they were afraid to do that I believe
yeah I believe like her for a while in
the show it looked like it was gonna go
that way like like finally something
happened and Frank was ready to drink
you draw the line in the sand but then
he will you know there's a lot wavering
no no no you have his excuse and you get
that out of the way yep and then he just
goes around being a cold-blooded
merciless over the top of the jewel
aunty who enjoys horrifically killing
criminals uh-huh it's very simple and
very effective I think so
the only motivation he needs after that
is I am The Punisher I want to kill all
the criminals yes that's it
Garth eNOS wasn't afraid to make him
actually kind of a bad person yes
Garth eNOS is tank was basically that
the whole family thing is largely an
excuse and Frank just likes murdering
people and murdering criminals has given
him a good justification for killing
people where's the atom oh there is a
fight is B atom oh shit this is long one
yeah yeah that uh that Bourne series was
I think was great which is which is just
like no he the only thing he wants to do
is fight and have and more importantly
have a reason to fight yeah like you
know he's not totally heartless but also
he is because he's looking for a reason
to murder people
yeah the difference between him and a
serial killer is that he wants to
justify his actions
in the Garza innocent 22 it is more like
Dexter oh yeah by the way far off that's
it I think that is a decent reading of
that one of those things do that's great
so Jack see like this gamers are just
good enough to fill time no it's just
goodness I mean I like it I don't
I need gorillas actually to hit me a
little bit so I can see what his CP Duke
is like I like it but I also don't think
I'll ever play it again you know it's
it's a nice easy play for stream it gets
rich and I - yeah I was kind of hoping
in the body yeah nothing to the gamble
in this clash
I keep doing the same move over and over
but hey if it works it works so yeah I
mean like it's it's a good stream game
it gets like a lot of good comic-book
talk and it's it's a very silly cute
game
yeah the Adams fighting gorilla grodd
you do funny things
wouldn't that be far more destructive he
could win any fight but but no it's like
it's like I said it's this is a good be
game or b-movie game it's silly schlock
and it'll kill an afternoon I don't know
if I would ever life I would keep
playing it nothing I'm not allowed to
keep me playing hey he can't get big of
course he can he's the Adams the basics
of particle blast deflection what kind
of teacher are you yeah I teach quantum
physics at Ivy University begin oh shit
what did I do apparently she can you
can't hurt me when I'm small
Green is not a good look on you
Supergirl nope
I think it just hurts them to walk over
that stuff well there's like different
colors yeah they do different things I
wish I could tell but just don't know
ever ever know I was what Oh
oh good yeah ha ha I just had a little
bit of help left on the bar so you can't
do your super-dee but I can do mine hey
are you dink
lots of remarkable discovery this does
feel this feels more ant-man than the
atom but how so like is all he's doing
is getting tiny and getting big wasn't
it all the atom dose there was more to
be atom I thought there was more of
course I don't
yeah like I don't think that's something
ant-man can do like go inside Fiori
probably can but it's not something
ant-man Sicilian going for is like
hopping inside of people according to
the chat they're very similar look at
the atom and ant-man so alright that's
fine that's fine
Jack talk about what you know leave DC
out of it never I will continue to talk
absolute nonsense to my heart's desire
and then you will continue to correct me
so that's it it'll be fine it'll be fine
Rickey Lewis says Rogie Lewis first post
and it was read by a rich thank you for
the RPG recommendations there welcome to
be no Ray Palmer I'm looking for are you
his new youthful you sure I kind of like
the sound of that
this Adam isn't Ray Palmer
DC and the legacy girls
100% know how to move when he's tiny and
there's like a very specific way to do
that apparently okay that hurt you too
oh no what
she blocked isn't any forsen since
you're playing the Adam you guys get a
see ant-man in the wasp excited me left
our chick man I'm gonna see it I'm
looking forward to it
keep it awesome guys both our jerk I
mean I'm gonna see it I don't know if
I'll see it right away there's plenty of
movies that that I want to see that I
haven't seen you know right now I've
been more curious to see it if I
actually heard it took place in the
aftermath of infinity war that would
make me yeah I don't think they'll do
that no it would be awesome it would be
very interesting if they did that
yeah I'm sure it's gonna be fun I love
Paul Rudd I love Evangeline Lilly the
first movie is enjoyable if not perfect
but it'll be fine but I still need to
get around to Deadpool - I you know
there's shit that I want to see there is
shit that I want to see yeah it's a
profound that looks like a good I mean
they're post-credit might be infinity
war related but we probably probably
never be needlessly depressing for an
ant-man and wasp movie ah sure sure and
and I do see people in chat asking about
Wednesday what's Wednesday is the fourth
of July oh and so because that is a
holiday we will not be streaming or at
least I won't be here to stream as I can
only imagine most of you at least you in
the United States will be yeah drinking
beer and watching fireworks probably not
even worth doing drama solos I'd rather
do a make up with you anyway make up
stream sure
so many ugly veins you know I actually
don't mind this one it's it's not vain
but as far as just like alien like power
armor concern yeah okay
it's not the worst if you if you look at
it just from a perspective of alien
power arm yet I'm getting my ass
I grabbed you oh damn I know it's not
looking good for the old ant-man
nice work Wonder Woman yep you did it
and thanks Wonder Woman you whipped on
babe wonderful do it do it night why do
it because he just wasted all this super
to do and he got a huge health regen and
you probably couldn't use that
no he's always so you know am I still
alive no no now is a fine fine effort
was it though it selects a new fighter
the Adams fun but let's let's try out
Starfire Starfire
I dunno how to use clashes I don't want
to because I'd rather have my super
dedupe and I wasn't going to win that
clash anyway because he had four and I
only had two to spend so even if I would
have spent all - I would not have won
yeah that was it that was a strategic
gamble which I lost blood
and third time for your crimes begin
fuckin Bane he's level one vein - he's
just got your number yeah I've noticed
I'm working on it you organized you're
working at it what we're gonna counter I
think I'm his charge beats my super
punch van man can beat up Superman yeah
Touche
I didn't know what Starfire thinks she's
an alien princess and so she has like
weirdo alien powers means what I green
beans yep
yeah you're kind of seeing it is flying
green beams for spraying okay kind of
like a ripoff Superman a lot of the
usual yeah a lot of the usual
stop fuckin vain fuckin vain cheese
cheese cheese come on cheese take it
however you get it come on jeez jack you
earned that stupid ooh Wonder Woman
Wonder Woman help Wonder Woman totally
with Jack cheese was old and moldy
sometimes that's like sometimes that's
fancy cheese the older it is the fancier
it is rich Bane kicks my ass right off
the bat I gotta I have to do a better a
better job right from the start these
aliens it's kind of amazing that move
right there I don't know what that is
but apparently I can counter fuckin it's
the kick your ass move yeah
Bain has like this amazing power just to
counter anything using this early it's
just we're going as Jesus we can get
full velveeta as it's known in the in
the fighting game community you don't
you know what craft a craft product
that's your problem
please go that's your goddamn problem ha
ha ha he didn't get I don't know if we
know what it's super isn't I just don't
care you need some Land O'Lakes
fucking Wonder Woman you're useless okay
so I can win this one so I'll use it
thank you Hey
geez thought I was very strong human his
weakness was projectile weapons this
ultra powerful alien being was somehow
able to defeat a human wonder yes that
was my wonder cheese jeez jeez no nobody
knows the Wonder Woman song anymore they
might they might ironically they they've
heard that they've heard that they're
their grandmother's talk about the women
what are you waiting wearing I see I was
gonna say that's an interesting outfit
apparently she's also be woman because
that is a definitely eight-speed fit
it's the new Muslim Catwoman it's got a
hood I get it she's too short for my
beam she's too short for my beam
okay all right
and can I just did I just fly that
didn't help Starfire yeah
now you're helping there we go there we
go cheese cheese remember the cheese
you did something Wonder Woman and you
finally did something nope you missed
yeah on the hole was an embarrassing
autumn yes yes she's getting beat up by
a cat someone who's just very good at
being sneaky yes yes yes
this is this ultra powerful alien
princess occupation that avoids physical
confrontation at all cost and she's
kicking your ass with the aliens yep oh
god I missed a button pressed at some
point I meant to do her she has like a
spinny green thing thing and apparently
I just made her jump ah fucking hell
give it one more try
and then we'll change characters there
are five more fights at this difficulty
now they just like two more fights at
this difficulty and I'm already sucking
pretty hard unlimited lives it looks
like they are timed though so I only
have like three hours some of their
costume choices are oh we're so weird I
don't get it you know it's just just
shit man just shit to put on the box
what is how do I do the move where I do
the spinny green thing that's the hair
how about is it this nope is it this
nope it's not costumes it's pieces of
bouncing that's just shitty headpiece
and so oh you can give them like
different head pieces yeah alright even
just as a head piece that is a weird
design for Catwoman and you fucking know
it
that run button run button in Wonder
Woman you're useless
the default costumers have odd choices
too I fully agreed
this game is home of the ugly costume
geez you know cheese cheese cheese I
just want to win rich I just want to win
this luggage let me win the fight
let me explode Catwoman in space with a
nuclear blast she survived two of those
the third time's a challenge
won't you punch Catwoman into space yeah
why don't you just leave her there if
you wanted to to really do the most
damage just just let her hang up there
for a couple minutes should be dead are
they actually playing people online no I
don't think so
we wouldn't be doing this gun you know
oh he looks like a Power Ranger he looks
like he looks like Zed that's the one
doesn't seem to be doing any good you
know just a little something for a
second there I see like it's a good
counter for women jump
yeah yeah not cheese only the first time
do it
what's in Neil deGrasse Tyson uh he
would just nitpick bullshit yeah this
game is a physicist baby yeah but he'd
be like why are we hearing the
explosions oh this baby see comments at
the flash alone violates so many natural
laws yeah
there
Starfire wins with flash it actually
kind of makes sense for him to wear a
helmet yes yeah that that helmet makes
far more sense because you know if like
a a piece of dirt flies you know like
flies into his face going a million
miles per hour
exactly well unless it's I think it's
more just to keep the bugs out of his
teeth right Brian turn out the heat
firestorm yeah we're definitely going
weird helmet yeah yeah thanks Wonder
Woman I want to fight with the only
Wonder Woman that's not the whole point
of this one is like you get Wonder Woman
as a sidekick okay and so like I'm
actually not doing bad just using
takes to the fire store it's this one it
doesn't you love it because it looks
yeah it seems to be the most ineffective
attack of all time
are you sure sure that's fair
of course - sure jack soon what listen I
just want it to be close I just wanted
to be a close fight Wonder Woman kicks
ah that's alright
perhaps my focus good helpful yeah of
course
you know this will give us an
opportunity to try a new fighter oh you
know who haven't tried to hit a rated
reading do you really want to use I mean
who cares right
who is doesn't other new characters they
Adam who else is in the game that wasn't
in story mode
we played most of already Hellboy the
turtles so D 0 I think is in here
you must temper that power with wisdom
okay
these fashion designs are so Bob
it makes me envy the nineties that's
cheesy
I like it I'm down
100 minutes
shit
okay woman I don't want a woman hit him
oh I fucking do it I do is get it in
that way I blame one rain in this realm
I'll betray you shoved on the fucking
told you died so I agree you hit him you
hit him with a fucking lightning strike
and a dragon then he shot your toe and
killed you I don't understand the
problem here because that's exactly what
I'm better like good thing there's been
a lama Thatta boy
yeah whatever the fuck that was
that ice age creature
oh no people arts my super oh no Jack
you're gonna have to do it the honorable
way fuck that
and you're almost dead oh my god blocks
with soup to do it's all fun it's all
fun
we're so frequently full of hatred who
us just you know I guess me too listens
great power within you must temper that
power with God it's fine no I like I
like things I like things a lot
hey yeah oh my god Oh Jack I don't I
don't I don't think I think she's give
up right just give up it's not it's not
looking great for me things aren't
necessarily going my way right now no
not necessarily no okay so I seem to be
failing like pretty heavily or so it
would seem Wonder Woman you are not
helping
Hey
ah damn it with your firepower
I got David would you put your power no
this twice now no 33% helpers in racing
yeah no shoot me in the toe again shoot
me a token thing Adam again nope nope
nope nope nope pick sub-zero okay ice
beats fighter is what they say yeah here
is sub-zero can we do scorpion I didn't
see a scorpion nothing this
are you prepared to battle a grandmaster
I'm ready to fight with fire the cold
will freeze your flames begin chef I'm
gonna say I think fire wins in this in
this case okay you just you just missed
that totally subterra fire usually beats
ice yeah
okay nice can only beat fire when it's
water and when its water is it really
ice beating fire well it's really clear
water your same working posture choices
oh come on I almost well imma hit it
with my super just let me put it with my
super the AI is learning faster I can do
this thanks rich Jack me the fist I have
no faith in you that's great that's what
I needed here
let me hit thanks Wonder Woman real help
real fucking help
Hey
so what up to what I'm going the
offensive comes I will freeze your fire
why can't I use through the thing
fucking shit fuck you fuck you you're
first oh fuck super Jack Jack the game
is trying to teach you not to be cheap
if the game is trying to force you the
hay was gotten fed up with your
super-dee dude
and the game was now trying to literally
force you to get good and but the
super-dee-duper is part of the game plan
assume buddy do come hit him a cup and
get a stun yeah hand the controller to
me all I would get my ass kicked I've
literally played zero of this game 0%
oh shit oh shit
hey okay big with big with
wake up wake up okay that's alright
that's okay we're actually not doing
terrible at the moment not doing
terrible okay
he's attacking okay yeah
you get quite the range for them and you
got a job you got it
the good job you did good I guess it cuz
I got that scoop to do know that no you
know what
you know that did rich that gave me that
gave me the confidence I can well I I
mean I I did it with a fair amount of
health yeah you did that was good that
was good
hmm one more left
just one more left like to sweat off
alright alright here we go here we go
I'm not learning I'm still doing button
mashing I haven't learned a damn thing I
just got lucky that time shame maybe
through sheer force of muscle memory
like my muscles are learning but I'm not
they just kind of know what's working
besides with my problem with letting
loose this is just too much shit to
learn it never gets to the point where I
can do it without this building yeah
we're just close close natural
I actually kind of believe that hey got
a little flow here that's a nice that's
cheap but nice move you know it works
nope that's cool no talent the cold
impairs your judgment uh check nope
see he just had he has more to gamble
than I did thanks Wonder Woman
wonder how the numbers work out between
how much help you gain versus how much
you take away versus me but the
supergroup
Damian Wayne does not have well I
figured out that really nice freezin
combo hit him with the hammer thing I'm
figuring I'm figuring out some mad
strats here rich some mad strats that's
the thing rich you'd never get past
needing to think in these games but you
eventually get past any kind of input
stuff that's all muscle memory once you
read good at them that's that's what I'm
talking about though I I've never gotten
to the point where I have the muscle
memory mm-hmm well you know all the
fighters have basically the same
you know moves yeah well we're fighting
game you're talking about it well oh no
I mean in the same fighting game in in
the same fighting game what is it sir
well you know like what I'm saying is
like they all have a Down forward be
movie I'll have a Down forward aim you
know and so just figuring out which is
which has expired
can I do any of you we've done the
advanced tutorials I have literally not
played this game at all and really we
just kind of goofed around with it on
streem to play for the story mode so we
have it either mm-hmm yeah I mean all of
us have just kind of been goofing around
we're basically just goofing around and
having fun yeah that we played us well
we haven't we seen it all you know who
we haven't seen at all yeah Black Manta
is he not even in the story mode as
someone we fought oh here's how you do
custom loadouts no we didn't huh
is just like ways to do custom on its
also I don't see scorpion at all and he
doesn't seem to be in a custom loadout
here you know these are the different
outfits you can choose just got here was
the ending worth it
we actually I don't know how much you
paid attention to I saw before online I
I missed most of the ending of this game
because we were debating about how old
Batman should we were having a really
fun conversation about about the proper
age of Batman given how many Robins he
trained and so like I called the the
ending in the corner of my eye and
picked up that it was basically just
Batman shaking hands with Supergirl
after imprisoning evil Superman I've
seen it the Superman ending is much more
what's Black Manta what what's Black
Manta he's a rock you man pussy not an
alien of some sort what is what is what
is it oh I have no idea is he a guy who
wears a big poofy head that's what I
assume his I honestly do or she's some
kind of alien and that's a spacesuit oh
I just don't know rich or is he a sea
monster
I think he's the main bad guy in the
Aquaman movie if that helps
oh he has a trident
- it's pretty super what's the deal as a
character I know you don't this asking a
chance messing the chakram and children
loose and now he's trying to start
listening okay so it's a revenge thing
mercenary Huey
Aquaman's family killed his father and
he wants her home okay justice so the
helmet thing is just so he can breathe
underwater I presume I guess first
powers
I wonder if like the suit gives him
powers if that's his whole feel
obviously it looks like he has some kind
of eye beams but that could be suit
where'd he get the suit he built it
maybe he's maybe he's like an engineer
by trade and turned to turn to mercenary
work so he could pay for his super shoes
to get revenge on Aquaman that's fine
I'm not criticizing I'm just legit
curious oh no and I'm making it up I
want to see how close I am completely
pulling it out of my ass you
successfully in combat is he
jive-talking
give me a brother this just got a whole
lot more interesting
damn firework effexor
the firework effects we're not on my
side notice super there we go yeah
absolutely I don't have too much more
help I got there the fireworks
okay all right I mean I wasn't close I
wasn't even a little bit he has black in
his name of course he's black Black
Panther Black Falcon black Luke Cage
that's his full name that's his full
superhero name is black Luke Cage that's
true you know what I don't think we've
been there I don't think we've seen much
of dr. fate yeah let's give him a trial
no and that's just how little I know
about Black Manta III know as much about
Black Manta as I do Namor that's it like
I know Namor is our Aquaman and by our I
mean Marvel's because I'm generally an
awful person
haha take that new secular fuck I'm dr.
fate he liked the way he points with his
fingers to do his little magic tricks is
adorable
I could have many of these details long
okay on this little story I'm fuckin
tell oh I'm excited this is the only the
only part I'm sure everybody's it was up
there was an Aquaman story that got
finished I think in name war like a man
he was writing an Aquaman story and then
he ended up working at Marvel and they
just picked up that frontline there like
a name war comic book really yeah
just fuck it why not that would be
hilarious if true I could have to look
this up get the details I was having to
read the article about unofficial Marvel
and DC crossovers yeah just just little
Easter eggs that writers snuck in here
America
wins the faith's thing was he could see
the future and all his power comes from
the suit and anyone who wears it becomes
Fabian yeah they like the little I know
about dr. fate comes from literally
playing this game earlier and they were
talking about the fact that his helmet
the helmet specifically the helmet was
under brainiacs control not the man
underneath the helmet and so that's why
Superman had to break the helmet so so
yes I think anyone who has the helmet
has the power dr. fate is such a lame
name I kind of disagree with that dr.
fate wrong name I mean it's no weirder
than Doctor Strange arguably much cooler
Doctor Strange is the name is sillier
the dr. fate argue arguably sure
definitely Jesus must be slave
fucking hell with your damn
dr. faith versus dr. doom versus dr.
strange so right don't count out dooms
you know what you know doom does he
diversifies he knows he knows black
magic and end technology
dr. doom is a cross between dr. strange
and terrible that's right how the doom
gets enough alone well but you know doom
is so wrapped up in Fantastic Four which
in general has you know I don't know
that he has to be well no but he has
been and so Fanta like if you think
about the Fantastic Four's quality level
over the last decade or so
hasn't been much in the general public's
opinion well you know why that is
because the movies they don't know the
movie rights right
Marvel's neglecting them deliberately
because they don't own the movie right
exactly and so I'm not what I'm saying
is you can't blame people for like not
loving dr. doom because he just hasn't
been there in in the in the popular in
the pop culture or whatnot who's it dr.
doom will be in the MCU in like five
days in the next Infinity Gauntlet
living
what's the next thing they build up to
I'm like what I'm seeing
I'll turn you into it it's kind of as
backwards but rather be friends do you
go to secret boys do all the girls can
tell a part of the battle world we we
introduced the Beyonder maybe
Rock definitely the original secret one
one wasn't that um wasn't that where the
scrolls came in no that one
no I'm talking about from the 80s a
secret were circa 1985 oh then no okay
then definitely not what was that a lien
godlike beings from another dimension
this is curious about humans so any
superheroes he makes this literal world
and teleports all the girls there that's
not like commander himself like he
literally like wipes out half of the
galaxy he likes hell of course some
folks are like you're winning space it's
a really cool scene let you know oh shit
this thing is sure I'm what was what was
the I'm guessing Scrolls in that shape
the shapeshifters you know like people
impersonating heroes is what I would
assume isn't it that's one movie that's
not a big the crossover infinity war
level no no because you know what you
could do for post-credits sequence you
do it's not as hyped as 100 sounds being
hyped for ten years I don't think you
can do that with the scrolls you could
you can get a because basically Scrolls
is the is the full movie version of that
one fight from Civil War all the heroes
fighting evil doppelgangers of
themselves that's that's a big fun
spectacle maybe and you get really fun
post-credit sequences where were you
know as it turns out the hero you know
that maybe
we had at one scene with wasn't a hero
at all
you know like Captain America comes to
you know give a new Tony Stark or
whoever his Iron Man a little pep talk
but then we have that scene where that
that uh Captain America that wasn't
really Captain America it was a scroll
but do you really think the hype level
would be the the question is would the
hype level be the same for anything like
you said that oasiz big deal maybe
Galactus yeah but even with them even
with Sony roids they don't they don't
have to like oh no they still they have
blackness they just don't have the
Fantastic Four
I don't wasn't black I don't for now
I don't think they have Galactus either
no they do yeah he's got to be wrapped
up in with the rights to Fantastic Four
I want to say they have Galactus and not
Fantastic Four I don't know if I'm
correct in that but I want to say it but
when they have the courage to just do a
big guy in a purple suit well they have
the courage to do that yeah it would be
no it would be like purple robot Armour
but it would be a big guy they
absolutely would do a big guy it's it's
such a wonderful visual Galactus yeah
and it's the reason I think they should
abandon trying to do a realistic sign
constant for you just embrace the 60s
walk
forever
that was bullshit
grab a bird get over there Oh
button button it's fine it's fine okay
fine I'm gonna lose just a big purple
guy in downtown Manhattan assembling a
giant machine that will let him digest
yeah they'll do a big big guy in space
but it like it'll it'll all look like
metallic and Robo Armour but it'll be
purple of course it'll be great they'll
do the big guy in space that's the eater
of planets dang it
oh no Galactus wasn't anything all he
what Glac this was it was basically like
a black hole that's the dumbest fuck
yeah he was nothing it was like it was
like a black goo that's the dumbest
fucking thing yes yeah it was not a big
guy Galactus was you know it's the
weirdest most wonderful thing that just
that big bizarre purple costume yeah go
with it embrace it
black smoke that's what it was not gooey
yeah it wasn't gurus black smoke but
yeah it wasn't it wasn't a big guy in a
purple suit but I think new Marvel well
I mean Marvel did the giant the giant
Peter Dinklage you forged a camera there
there get way comfortable with this with
Galactus I suppose you could do it like
Galactus could be a decent big build-up
just coming to eat the entire planet
humans perceive Galactus as a big bag I
know how they retcon that to be less
walking I don't I don't really care
though one of the comics somewhere said
that every racer receives Galactus is
nothing like them oh so he wasn't really
a big guy yeah you don't need you don't
even need to do that need to do that no
just make him a big guy part of the
appeal of comics is trippy suits and
real Panthers yes yes
and let what Doctor Doom be a guy in a
suit man let it be a guy in a suit yeah
they didn't do that out they can do that
now embrace this schlock I think I think
Peter 5g has done a good job of
embracing the schlock while also being
quasi grounded so I obviously there's
nothing but trust there differently save
begin going go with Kirby's
interpretation of what he looks like
under the mask
a handsome dude with just a scratch on
his face yeah that was stemis pervy I
think Kirby liked your fan are like what
does he look like that made drew it for
somebody it was just a normal handsome
looking dude with him
one skull and that was that was the
whole thing that doom Doctor Doom was so
vain and even though it's just as the
scar just a minor scar he's so vain he
sees himself as hideous yeah he has to
wear the mask and that's a wonderful
take on the character I love that
every day the succubus
dang these levels
would you say that subvert your
expectations it also adds depth doom as
a character though it it highlights
these vanity so it's not just a haha
that wasn't what you expected it
actually makes the wall richer can't you
see you have no chance all right that
card she was so fucked up I don't even
know who you're playing as good Joker
oh the other one is that's enchantress
DC isn't a chant hrus DC is the
Enchantress no Marvel has the
Enchantress it's the four below I guess
this is a generic enough name they could
both have an enchantress this is the one
this is the one from Suicide Squad I I
just know there's a Thorin tantras oh
well there's also a DC one apparently
okay I I actually didn't know there was
a Thor Enchantress is she so good a
seduction goddess well yeah
I see I see someone will chant trying to
troll me with Iron Man 3 well it's great
it's fine what did I say
unlike the twisting Iron Man 3 which is
just garbage no that made that was the
most fun twist oh of course it was and
everyone knows it was and that's
obviously just them trying to yeah bear
oh I don't I don't give a shit about the
Mandarin all right
a lot of work actor Mandarin is more
interesting than I'm a generic magic guy
Mandarin hundred hundred percent or I
have alien rings because it's not magic
no out-of-work actor was more fun ya
know when I went great with the theme of
you know the true-self and whatnot and
hiding behind armor and whatnot and
who's it yeah yeah it's great
chef Ditka says chef takus are you done
sure AM okay so hey boys I got here late
have you tried all turtles and how did
they play happy Canada Day from Nova
Scotia we have asinine shitty weather -
yay
yeah the turtles are forgetting you got
a discount on that one that was only a
buck fifty - what I know I don't know
well maybe they paid in Canadian they
paid Canadian - no that's is that that
tube tuning vacuum might that might be a
loony there all right two dollars in
Canadian is only a buck all right it's
fine it's fuckin fine you paid in
Canadian dollars yeah I know the turtles
were fun that was that was really neat
they had a fun mini suit their mini
super was you know the other turtles
came in to help yeah that's very
appropriate for the trip yeah I got so
many myself we don't we don't know
what's what we have three mice bright
yellow keyboard rich I'm on it yeah this
is the portion of the stream we read off
the names of the people who have
subscribed to help make the stream
possible Elizabeth is very freeing all
the people who subscribe to us during
this dream where we've read their names
in the amount of time they have
subscribed if it's as long as it's over
a year you can leave now if you want but
frequently frequently there's
interesting discussion during the
reading of the names usually we had
obtained but now we're setting ourselves
up for failure so there won't be today
yay so let's thank all the people like
Bently the computer shun Simotas who
says four months of remembering to
re-subscribe as always thank you to is
always fun to watch your shenanigans
weekly and remember what your old pal
Jack and remember what your old Jack
back goddamn it
remember what your old pal Jack Burton
says been playing blood-borne it's all
in the reflexes I had to get my cocky up
a little bit when when doing a Jack
Burton line it's not a good impression
but you need to have some level of
cockiness wagger when you're a swagger
what you're doing Jack Burton okay which
one's Jack Burton Oh big trouble Jenna
oh yeah yeah oh yeah that's nothing but
swagger the protagonist oh right oh the
sidekick and that's when he's out he
doesn't know it what are you gonna
Stevie well your old pal Jack yeah oh
yeah yeah all arrogant is all fucking
full of himself remember what your old
pal Jack Burton says when you're playing
blood-borne and then he goes on the
adventure he has no idea what the fuck
he's doing at any point in time even
though he acts like he does it's all in
the reflexes being Trouble in Little
China is an amazing movie I need to
rewatch fans great that's great
I'm sure it is I've realized someone
someone recently it holds up oh yeah
yeah great yeah I'm excited let's see
here it's a mad mad mad mad max' madman
rookie resting which face the pale
hunter says who sucked out in the
feeling what it's a song I don't know oh
it's a it's a fantastic
it's very guitar and low fie and the
chorus is just the singer whining
like eight times just who sucked out the
feel it's great you're so full of hate
me yeah I can tell why are you talking
about that you sound like you hate it oh
no I think it's great I like actually
listen to it awesome that wasn't me
being full paid that was me accurately
describing how they sing the song it's
great okay Zhi Streeter Leonardo do
arrow says rich I only a Nardo not
Leonard no I suffer this name 38 years
girls from my generation who loved
Titanic with 17 years are having babies
and naming them Leonardo
till now it was Leonardo da Vinci
Leonardo DiCaprio and me but you're
you're an original man you're an
original Leonardo yeah and really like
you're going DaVinci DiCaprio and not
the turtle totally leaving the turtle
out okay I mean obviously the turtles
named after da Vinci I am I am massive
disappointment you have to you have to
give much love Leonardo's my favorite
turtle I know that about you know
Mikey's fun but he's kind of a boob I've
always been a Donatello fan yeah it's
fine he's fine he's fine and I like the
bo staff as a weapon I think it's a
quality weapon Raphael is an asshole
Raphael is the bad boy but I and you
know I think it's just me like growing
up reading x-men comics everyone always
loved Wolverine yep and it's the same
with Raphael everyone loves wrapped but
you know what that character I don't
think works unless they have the the
straight-laced you know average guy to
play off of you can't have a Mikey
without a Leonardo Leonardo is the
competent one yes you can't have a
Wolverine without a Cyclops
he's the only one that seems to enjoy
being a ninja all the other ones want to
invent shit
kill people or just eat pizza and ride
your skateboard we are at clock klaus
kinky curly italian william thomas e
deland dust for 14 months in a row who
says hello gentlemen
would one of you would be interested in
a the last starfighter review someone
needs to do it if not what would you be
interested in doing LOL review my
childhood i don't know i don't mom
happen when the hat man they happened
what happened my last couple of
suggestions were were respectfully
declined so so you know i'm giving it a
little little breathing room before I
make any more suggestion yeah cage
relics for 15 months says sure I'm glad
Brainiac has a great voice actor seeing
as this will take the next hour yeah you
know I uh I think we talked about this
last time which is like I'm really glad
they got Jeffrey Combs but they they did
they messed up his voice too much they
over digitized his voice let the man
speak
Oh in thundergun super dandy 96 once
more with bated breath cynic hell 42
says I'm Batman
maybe odd no jest for 21 months in a row
who says pinch my bat nipples and fuck
my cock Thunderbird for 12 months and
roses mono mono
thiz daddy right ho Jeeves says happy 11
months to me thank you guys for adding
something positive to my night after I
spectacularly failed in the kitchen by
burning dinner oh sorry
luckily there's always a pizza as a
backup that's life there's always pizzas
a backup freebush social geometers good
day gents thanks for the entertainment
it helps keep me occupied when my wife
is overseas lol F Massey you're welcome
temporal tourists Gotham gunslinger
future pres de our B who says hey guys
made it two months as a sub but can't
wait to continue on this year thank you
God six-six-six Cousteau's delhi 90 yeah
sure
says here's to my first free six months
soon it will become normal currency
enough with this poser be Zoe's cash
shit anyways as many others have said
you've helped me through the worst times
in my life and I thank you dearly for
having been there for me glad we have a
positive effect on I'm just glad our
buffoonery you can do something good
rich she's very frequently buffoonery
two idiots can do a little good in the
world just remember that do good by
hating things but you know what as long
as there's a joke at the end it's okay
make it funny at the end that's all I
gotta do the kids cron zijn QB Eagles
who says clergymen Mogwai is what brings
us together today
oh yeah yes my wedge is what brings us
together today
maruge that west arrangement that dream
we
Faina dream and then Batman goes skip to
the end
sketchy Gouda get through the Jabba
perfect you got the suit you needed to
get apparently Lucas Ducas for 33
fucking months in a row at first I read
mug wise what there's a stag I know I
know you did because that's you know
where they were going at first right and
you know like I try to read a few words
ahead to make sure nothing sketches
having something Matt Mike why what oh
yeah you saw how far right ahead yeah we
were at Mick nubbins 182 who says was
watching some old prereq where rich
commented on enjoying TIE fighter in all
its multitude of keyboard control
splendour ever try to leave dangerous
and summer lists some lists I know I
should I played a little bit and I
enjoyed it you should play more than I
can't be in the mood it's not just not
having like I got my face clean there's
nothing I have to play but I'm I'm just
not in the mood for games right now
sure I'm just I'm just I'm just not it's
not there and that happens that happens
and you know what right now as far as
games are concerned all I want in the
world is to play more with your three
every bone in my body and you know I
like I had a fairly busy weekend and you
know I'm trying to get this episode I
did which I'm very close to doing and
it's just like that with your three is
calling me rich and just oh I want to go
got some more monsters little monsters I
don't care about anything else I don't
care about any other game just the one
I'll get that you I just
I watched him mark Kimmy Schmidt with
Carolyn oh yeah a new season is that
Kimmy that's right Oh always lovely
Kimmy great show Fanta Fanta everybody
where they ending it they just done
making it there's Netflix not supporting
it anymore what was the reason oh I'm
sure they're just I mean like three Sal
I mean I haven't watched olive this is
for this is for the first six episodes
of for up shit well then my guess is
that like there
good yeah yeah you know all I've seen of
this new season has been fantastic and
then I've discovered it's not in the air
anymore but an old Comedy Central show
that I just never ended up hearing about
and I'm kind of enjoying it okay called
review it's just called review okay and
it's it's it's a show or a guy he's a
critic but even he doesn't criticize
books or movies he criticizes life
experiences like give me an example
all right like like he takes he takes a
viewer request and they request things
in life they want to know about us and
like like like the first episode it was
like stealing so he starts stealing
things and he's he's a he's playing a
character he's just this guy who thinks
he's a lot smarter than he really is
okay yeah this sounds great
stealing a racism so he has to become a
racist to review what big a racist is
like and then he gives a review of a
being racist
this sounds brilliant no the actual
review that's like an afterthought but
just to write trying to make yourself a
racist really great I've seen I've seen
three episodes and so far I'm loving it
no great that sounds really good
actually
yeah we are at a rookie Louis and
where's Hannah
cuz I'm I have my spot right up right
there okay top and five keV Enoch doobie
sandwich for 14 months says this may or
may not be my last month as as a
subscriber when I have no income I have
to consider my options
absolutely oh yeah I do wish to remain
supportive of your streams because
you're worth it you're under no
obligation man we just appreciate you
coming and watching if you can you can
but you do you do we're not here to
bleed anybody dry you know
we're hat we're happy to take your money
okay swell don't get us wrong we that we
like taking your mind
we love your money I've not set out to
drain anybody dry so we're also just
happy with you guys watching absolutely
gay plea for 12 months in a row J
receive 45 juniors II Jersey jerk might
be Jersey jrz Jersey 45 says rich you've
been talking for a while now about doing
an MLB power Pro stream mm-hmm I for one
would love that I love that game when I
was younger I loved baseball but to this
day that's been the only baseball game
I've really enjoyed uh yeah Ivan maybe I
haven't played enough baseball games but
III think MLB power pros is fantastic
hmm it's very cartoony very very
abstract and cartoony I don't know much
about him but adorable you know what I
wonder about sports mom in general why
do we need referees or umpires anymore
somebody's gotta analyze it even if
they're doing it behind the scenes we're
looking at a camera somebody's got to do
it
somebody's got to be the judge yeah but
like you don't need you don't need a guy
making calls anymore there's enough
cameras and robots who can make way more
accurate analysis with the strike zone
I agree with you yeah but I mean like
also I'm sure there's a way to how do
you determine if the batter stepped on
the bag before the other guy caught the
ball how's the computer gonna determine
that Oh cameras high-speed cameras and
sensors can do it somebody has to watch
the high-speed footage right oh right
now you still have a referee right but
he's like behind a monitor and he pulls
a lever that makes a green light or a
red light like you just you don't need a
guy making calls in it that's a
nostalgic and an emotional thing to have
a guy on the field making a call is that
that's the only reason is because you're
you're you're you're grasping onto an
older age when tech melih technology
says we
because here's what my problem's I've
seen enough sports to know that when an
umpire makes a wrong call they always go
to the footage and then the footage
corrects them anyway or they make the
right call here's why they don't like
doing that because when you review the
footage for everything that takes time
right but there's got to be an automated
process for some things like I said like
a strike zone you could do that with
sensors and they probably should but
it's the experience of the UMP behind
they're going strike one
no yeah just give something to that you
give him a little earpiece and then he
doesn't actually have to like you could
oh you could hire just like an actor add
a player for a significantly less amount
of money he's got a little earpiece in
his bow and he'll horde or strike and
people love him I fine with that for
some things yeah cuz at the strike zone
I can totally Rock totally see that
being automated but I I don't know I
think there's enough of a human element
in a lot of sports for you need you
might need a guy who's making the final
call that's the one you look to he's the
one you appeal to right but but I think
that's part of the problem with sports
is there shouldn't be anyone to appeal
to you either did it or you didn't
you're in bounds or you're out of bounds
are you gonna trust the athlete I'm
gonna trust the Compu trader
I don't think computers can do
everything yet when it comes to making
sports decisions everything they can do
anything anything they put their minds
to and then they can be hacked for money
by the soccer player falls down and then
the computer person fell down penalty
went like the referee would sit yeah
you're full of shit get up yeah no not
for everything okay I think a lot of
things okay also I think that uh any
soccer player who falls down and is
obviously flopping should get punched in
the face yes I would you know what that
might get me to watch soccer that would
absolutely get me to watch soccer
if it was determined that that player
flopped then whoever it was against gets
a free punch in the face then you just
have like like four men come out into
the field this is their job
just like sex-filled no no no the player
who he flopped against bagging Nichols
beat with bags of nickels by the
enforcer they're called the flop squad
the flop squaw yeah no you know what you
do is like whoever he made the flop
against gets like a little gets a blue
flag in his belt and that's his one free
punch in the face and he doesn't need to
do it right away he could do it any time
during the game anytime you want right
and so then you know that player and I
player company he's got the ball just
whack him right in the face blue flag up
everything's legal and I just fixed
soccer you're welcome and we'll be
Barbara oh so then we are at
gobbledygook for 47 motherfucking months
in a row who says glad to see injustice
two and four more beat him up fun Trygve
Universe Online for the ps4 it's free
you fucks okay take that under
advisement and completely ignore it
thanks God with a good one beads for 46
motherfucking months in a row says this
dangerous time we live in just make sure
to always guard your dinkle Winkler
mmm-hmm okay hands in front yeah
superintendent Chalmers saying that I
assume that's an emo generally with
emotes it's the yeah it's the the name
of the streamer and then a capital
letter and goes we don't see the picture
of the emo
all I see is German Sweden gobbledygook
that makes the emo so you know you're
saying germ a pluton I don't mean
gobbledygook in the chat this
gobbledygook in the chat is not making
our emotes right unless you've hired
gobbledygook I mean the actual term we
we've got a few emotes from chatters I
don't know if it was
the gooks movie Dixit sent us couples
yeah I mean it could I just
it's been a long enough where I just
don't know okay as soon as I'm done
editing this episode I there's some
housekeeping I need to do with our
emotes obviously you know today we we
fix this there's some updates I need to
do the subscriber things we've realized
we do that is useless but oh and
actually Chet have you seen right under
like here have you seen all the popups
for subscribers and tips and bits have
those been coming up I'm really looking
at that
oh is it was at you Chuck Fox thanks
Chuck Fox for making all the nice emotes
they're really great I just forget names
yeah you haven't seen him okay great so
yeah louder than that Chuck Fox Chuck
Fox has made a bunch of emos for us and
they're really great I didn't know that
I think I mean I said it when when he
made him I'm oblivious that you should
you can I should know that before the
stream started rich and I were trying to
fix all of our dinkle to do and I was
kind of like dictating to rich cuz he
was sitting here as I oh you gotta go to
this website and you gotta go to the
website and he's just like what the fuck
are you talking about I was like rich
this is all the stuff that happens
behind the scene
I play the games this is my three seven
seven with a spider Blair be for twenty
five fucking months in a rope unnamed
war Smith question number 16 made that
still Chad is clown yeah you did the
duma table so you guys fix the jesus one
we need a biscuit emote oh so you guys
sent over a biscuit a moat and i never
implemented it we have a biscuit a moat
I gotta check I got housekeeping to do
but I got an episode to edit first I'm
in this I'm in the final swings where
were you 56 year old man still not as
old as Batman
who's honestly in his late 60s at this
point space Comeau 446 motherfucking
months in a row who says happy Canada
Day yes happy Canada Day kill them on
six quality pixel DW 62 m tilts for 18
months in a row can't blanket and man's
flu thank you all for subscribing we
really appreciate it
goodnight
wait huh Hey oh man nine nine seven
eight
you just subscribed thanks bye subscribe
literally we're hitting the button