Jul 18, 2018
Nobody Likes Orcs (pt 1)
twitch.tv/videos/286449618
youtube.com/watch?v=SWJkrAjbqL0
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1019674900586549248

a difficult thing to do right just in
general I just minimized it's right
there yeah hello or something hey
everybody we're rich were early yeah
we're on top of it today happens every
now and then it's crazy to think about
us being on time or early so so last
time you played something you hated I
didn't I didn't hate it I I didn't enjoy
it I still don't know why you even
wanted to play it perspective you
thought it was gonna be an uncharted
side gamer yes
you don't like uncharted five games
correct
why to see if I was right all right all
right I
I often talk about you know me I talk
about uncharted I talk about Laura the
the newer Laura Croft series a lot and a
lot of that was based on assumptions
okay I could gameplay footage I've seen
things I've heard from other people and
so but now I know for sure so when I you
know in the future when I talk about the
Lara Croft reboot yeah I can speak with
authority okay I know yeah you think
that's important they're saying it's
Laura not Laura
Lara whatever anyway I think that's
important is every once in a while too
to just you know play something that I
wouldn't normally play who knows it
could be a thing right it could you do
it maybe I love maybe I would have loved
it who knows all right who knows what
rich
so yeah that's uh that's all because I
was playing now works must die recently
um put me in the mood for another game
where you just killed massive amounts of
it works and this is the shooter right
this is the third person third person
shooter yes we've played this before
yeah okay cool this is just some casual
kind of in the mood for it absolutely
absolutely you know like all I've wanted
to play recently and I've had a little
bit of free time here and there yeah the
only thing I want to play is rocket link
yeah
that's it and I it's like no I have like
a good couple hours I should really get
a few more missions in Witcher and
nope.avi only thing my brain like I
immediately go to rocket leaves get
every single time and I can't quite
explain it I'm just in a mood we made
that new button we made a special button
made a special button just to show and
hide the game which we do is sometimes
well there you go
doesn't nobody missus anything there was
some intro text right about the port
look you got the guy this is perfect
time enough space brains need to do
something Bob them orcs
it's lovely it's a it's a this is a this
is lovely size 5 just just Co marrying
with fantasy yeah more more so than Star
Wars even oh yeah no Star Wars is just
fantasy this is this is a beautiful
marriage you think there are more
science fiction elements and Warhammer
from the little I've seen of it I would
assume so I it seems like their worlds
building is eons beyond anything Star
Wars has I I'm guessing that there is
some flavor text that explains how their
machines works and what all the things
do would I be correct in that assumption
there are what machines are they they
explain how the machines what I'm not
bad deep in the damn lore
I'm really not okay
I know I know about the figurines I know
it's a tabletop game yes this is really
the only Warhammer game I've played mmm
through I've started playing the dawn of
war oh and then it was a real-time
strategy game so that didn't last too
long right yeah
that's the best part even the 40k
characters don't know how the machines
work yeah okay so maybe it is a little
more on the face oh they have their
machines they put like little blessings
on them with my wax stamp with like a
prayer sheet hanging down from it that's
great
you know what that's great
the green screen could use a little
flexing but I'm not gonna fuck with it
now I don't that bad it's fine it'll you
know it'll be fine as the green screen
didn't turned on the light is on on the
green screen that oh come on do I really
need to adjust some buttons here no no I
do what like middle of grab move is not
working
Oh Oh II need to just though I thought
you were asking if you need to do it
just the green screen I was gonna say no
shit but if you need to adjust some less
and re rebinding I think I think I need
to leave actual the actual freakin game
before let me do that unfortunately oh
that's too bad
yeah god damn it quit mission yeah yeah
I mean you're not too far in that's all
right
that's alright rich it's fine you're
right jackpot everything's fine all the
time I know why it forces me to leave
the game before I could adjust that but
that's who you know that's that's a
mystery of coding that only people who
know how to code will know I'm sure it
has something to do with initializing
something yeah I watched Mister Rogers
neighborhood growing up I think
everybody did you know I'm just going
easy for a casual playthrough referring
everyone gets your panties in a bunch
I've eaten this unnormal rich there
multiple times I know they're already
Bunch
I know would you watch from mr. Rogers
neighborhood growing up not really
really yeah no I did I've heard nothing
but phenomenal things about the
documentary I've heard nothing with
phenomenal things about him as a human
being also him well that's kind of the
phenomenal part of the country it's like
it's a you always thought that Mister
Rogers was like the greatest guy and as
it turns out he was even better and it's
just you know like personal stories and
of just him being a good dude you know
I haven't seen it I don't I'm not I'm
not really gonna go out of my way to see
it I'll probably wait till it gets to
video-on-demand
by me cuz just you know I'm gonna enjoy
it but I don't enjoy it enough to pay
like $10 to see it you know you know
said in theaters now I believe it's in
theaters okay and I Karen wanted to see
that it's you know Milwaukee's never the
first to get any movie we're making a
movie with Tom Hanks as mr. Rogers I
think that's new they're making they're
making they're making both things are
the documentary why I'm not I'm not I
didn't like mistakingly think they were
making movie but they really just made a
documentary both of them are things that
have been made or at least one of them
is being made one of them is one of them
is still in the rumor / pre-production
phase I believe okay so I don't I don't
know if we've seen any like a trailer or
any like production stills from the Tom
Hanks one the documentary will probably
be better
oh god but I don't think that's bad
casting well Tom Hanks who is also just
the best that's a that's a very similar
thing you hear about Tom Hanks is oh
he's just the best yeah
but yeah the documentary is supposed to
be fantastic
know what I heard from our chat what
before that originally Forrest Gump was
gonna be played by John Travolta I'm
just thinking doesn't that just ruin the
movie doesn't that movie just lose all
like it lived the movie you've cast hot
dive John Travolta as Forrest Gump
uh-huh the movie loses 80% of its heart
just instantly without a doubt I'd like
there's no if ands or buts about it
John Travolta on his best day is no
Tommy no I
I agree that he could play stupid ha ha
no he's too stupid to play stupid he did
he can't even do that I don't think he
has it in him yeah that's that's my
movie going money and time is gonna go
see sorry to bother you have you heard
about that no oh man it's it's the indie
movie it squares dead again I'm talking
about still oh no no no the whole
different thing but we can we can stay
in Travolta if you like his career is
dead again yes he's back to making awful
awful schlock yeah you know he's still
around though it's it's not it's not
like before pulp fiction where he was
just gone well that's not entirely true
it's mostly true but it's not entirely
true just hanging out those look who's
talking movies well that was like life
support for that dude we got a heartbeat
give me 50 cc's of putting Tarantino you
know Quentin Tarantino was the the
radical surgeon who came in at the last
minute I've I've a risky and dangerous
operation that's either gonna kill him
or turn him superhuman for five years
but it's mostly risky and dangerous for
my movie that's true that's really true
I think Tarantino could have made gold
from he's too talented
he'd make gold from it even if Travolta
gave a shitty performance but no they're
the the new like indie movie to watch
recently is a movie called sorry to
bother you and it is this surreal comedy
about a there we go making their way in
the world of telemarketing and just by
the trailer alone it looks phenomenal
it's gonna have some really neat visuals
so sorry to bother you is the movie to
see if you got time to see the movie
it's this yes it's this year's get out
it's the indie movie to fawn over it's
gonna be great or suck I don't know I
haven't seen again it looks great
so I'm excited to see that yeah I'm
excited to see that one I have in the
interim rich okay to start off the
conversations tonight I'm gonna I'm
gonna bring this back around but what I
want to pull I want to plant the seed
into you did you ever watch mr. show no
I heard about it but you know David
Cross Bob Odenkirk sketch comedy show
from long-lost ago mr. show is this you
know wonderful absurd and incredibly
well-written sketch comedy show it is
also a sketch comedy show that I have
never once laughed at all right be with
me here right because every sketch is so
clever like the writing is really clever
and interesting and all the sketches you
just go wow that's super funny I get
that but I never laughed at it it was it
never made me laugh it was too clever to
make me laugh too clever for its own
good
well you know like there's one of those
that's it's a famous old Mel Brooks
saying wit is shit funny is money it it
doesn't matter how witty you are if
you're if you're not making people laugh
it doesn't count right okay so I took
some time here and I watched a couple
more episodes of The Venture Brothers
okay I watched the two episodes you told
me to watch okay the one with the the
garage sale uh-huh and the one with the
ghosts yes and I have come to the
conclusion that it is a very clever show
okay that I don't that you don't like it
and you know what that's fine jack I I
hear you that's fine yeah and I think a
lot of it has to do that you know
somewhere like I was talking about a
little bit earlier something I think it
has to do is just the time in which it
was made and in which I'm watching it I
think had I seen this 10 years ago when
it came out yeah I might have thought it
to be incredibly funny and clever cuz it
was 10 years ago it was doing stuff that
not many people were doing yeah but I
think now people
have taken cues from The Venture
Brothers like it's so far past that it's
no longer based on everything we know
about Jack he should love The Venture
Brothers that's what I thought yeah it's
fine you know I mean I'm really not
worried look I could do that shit and we
don't like garlic goes to the sargasso
you're not gonna like the show I was one
of the first ones I saw but that episode
after that episode I was in sure sure
and like that was that was one episode
that got a mild chuckle out of him
uh-huh I believe I believe I could
fought you know it got that when when
the pirate had to stick his hand up
Patrick Warburton but and then he used
him as a weapon now that I got a little
laughs oh yeah yeah I enjoyed that but
mostly mostly I'm watching I'm just
going oh yeah this is really clever and
so like I'm not saying that I dislike it
and I definitely appreciate the comedy
but it's just not making me laugh you're
allowed to dislike it's no roar and I
don't want to learn far I don't you know
cuz usually if I dislike something I
have a decent enough reason for and I
watch it and yeah you're right it should
be something I'm super into yeah but
it's just like yeah that's fine
all right that's fine jack is more of a
Squidbillies guy I've seen some
Squidbillies
that's that's just absurdity I don't
think that's that's more absurd than
comedy
there's a new Shira
I loved frisky dingo frisky dingo was
fantastic I'll be with you there frisky
dingo I was great
Archer uh it's alright alright
same people behind frisky dingo oh yeah
yeah I believe it very similar shows I
didn't get too deep into Archer before I
was like yeah not my thing okay so some
Rhea I just remember some they had some
decent lines got it got it some laughs
out of me and of course everyone loves H
John Benjamin he's yeah you know he's
gonna he's got a magical voice he does
that like not just of magical voice is
just his his delivery his timing his
cadence is just everything Sealab 2021
is fantastic I think I still have the
first two seasons on DVD because I like
I was that into Sealab 2021 that I
bought the DVDs when they came out
oh I have no horse in any Shira race I
didn't you know I was not a big he-man
person if they're Mia this is very much
like the Thundercats thing we're like if
what is crazy about the Thundercats and
like I just don't care I was of the age
for the Thundercats I didn't like the
contender cats that much ah okay
apparently they're rebooting cheer up
that's more news for my wife she was a
big Shiva fan so really I'll have to let
her know there's a new sheet rock
do you have a horse in the Bojack race
you know you know what I've never seen
it Bojack spring that's uh well no
you'll absolutely hate it but it's
amazing that's Will Arnett right I'm
like a season or two behind oh I've seen
the first two seasons completely and its
really it gets really good okay Jack
hates all good things it's true I hate
all good things so what's what's again
switch again I have seen Nathan for you
are you basically just trying to like
list a bunch of things that I do like to
to to make up for the fact that I wasn't
super into the venture brothers Nathan
for you is fantastic yes great show good
premise good jokes I'm thinking I think
they're curious how many other good
things you'll hate a fair number of them
okay
everybody's different man everybody's
different and everyone likes different
things everybody likes different things
I like Nathan for you a lot it's a fine
show do you or do you ever watch Nathan
for you know yeah he has some fantastic
episodes it's it's what what is Nathan
for you Nathan for you is like how do I
even describe it it's it's it's perfor
its corporate performance art and like
for example one of his episodes you and
you hate mr. show no I don't hate mr.
show
I think mr. show is incredibly clever
and well-written it just never made me
laugh okay
no but Nathan for you is a he the whole
stick of his show is he he wants to help
people and you know this is his show is
about him helping people right and so
there's one episode where he wants to
help a failing coffee chain
failing coffee store right and so he
comes up with an idea to call the coffee
store not Starbucks okay and he's gonna
get around any sort of trademark law by
calling it performance art okay and
satire see cuz he's satirizing Starbucks
and so he calls it like crappy Starbucks
or something like that okay and so and
then he like his team going there and I
changed the whole coffee store to be
crappy Starbucks oh that's a dumb
Starbucks and they had the dumb
Frappuccino and and it was just this
absurd like him talking with lawyers and
him trying to figure out how they can
call a coffee store Starbucks and not
get in trouble okay he did he did one
show where he wanted to do a magic trick
right he wanted to like get out of some
handcuffs into a magic trick but he says
you know the problem with magic tricks
is there's no real stakes it's like if
you think about Harry Houdini you know
he would dunk himself in water and he'd
have to get out of his handcuffs to free
himself but if he dies he's still a
legend that's that's not big enough
stakes and so he set up this insane
mousetrap thing to where if he didn't
get out of his handcuffs in time for his
magic show he would expose himself to a
minor and go to jail for uh for being a
sex pervert okay it's insanity it's pure
insanity and I'm not doing it any
justice of course yeah but it's it's
great it's great stuff
it was about giving himself a goal with
actual consequences right so if he was
unable to get out of his handcuffs in
time he would expose himself to a minor
and I'm assuming this is all staged this
is like a sitcom no no it's it's all
done in this it's all done in the style
of like one of those like house flipper
reality shows you know where it's shot
guy where he has a couple talked and I'm
sure most of it is staged but you know
he rides that line between what stage
you know what's not he like does I can't
imagine they would actually take that
chance oh I can't imagine either but who
knows
like he designed he had he had a company
designed him a robot that would remove
his pants because no one could remove
his pants for him or else they would be
an accomplice and even the company that
designed the robot he had to do it in
such a way where that wasn't the robots
initial intent it was it's so crazy it's
it's beautiful
it's a beautiful thing
neo Canadian you can just leave by
what's the problem now oh nothing I'm
curious what's from nyan nyan Canadian
says sometimes I think this show would
be so fuckin awesome without Jack's
yapping okay okay and so what I'm saying
is I'm here I'm yapping you can leave
you weren't yapping I would just be
quietly playing this right I'm not I'm
not a big talker mmm oh right I guess
that's what I was that wasn't the point
I was trying to get across this is the
product that you're viewing if you don't
like it you are free to go
the Han ham ah it's fine I was actually
thinking about it for a second but I
decided against it
Jack why are you went out of me of free
speech because this isn't free speech
this is a that and free speech or two
they're very different things my friend
don't so you can turn on me I got
nothing okay I got nowhere to go with
that I'm sorry
no I'm not gonna watch community I'm not
gonna watch any of the thing that you
want me to watch I'll hate it
I watched most of the first season of
community and hated it
yeah but then everyone said no no if you
if you watch the whole first and second
season then watch the third season it
gets really good for the first half of
the fourth season like that's what and
but then it gets bad again but then it
comes back good for the sixth season
crazy I never did do that movie they
were talking about doing good they they
were talking about a community movie was
not it wasn't the whole thing he wanted
to do six seasons in a movie or
something I don't know I just don't know
I just know it's so messed up you know I
like and there's fans of community that
will like just say like oh yeah this
season sucks you can skip this season
half like there's basically like a list
it's like an episode that's like just
watch these episodes and it's great and
I ain't got no time Dan Harmon said he's
waiting till all the actors are washed
up Wow he's mostly there I mean whatever
what are they doing nowadays Gillian
Jacobs got some regular work and talk
soup guy what's his name you know I'm
talking I know you're talking about I
don't know stem name I think he's
working but like Danny Pudi is not doing
anything the harder the hardest thing
will be Dominic Glover cuz he's got his
own show now he's got his own Fame now
he's fucking Lando he's not coming back
from Lando no is kurzon coming back from
Lando okay
him being Lando was the mildest blip on
his on his radar if anything him being
Lando is what led to their mild ticket
sales
joel mchale that's what his name is
thank you
he said that's right he's Miles Morales
his uncle in the MCU
he's the Prowler man
and he's got a nephew that that lives in
this neighborhood that line always
bothered me then he's got a nephew know
that that was his line well they had to
introduce miles but they didn't he like
you know it was it was an easter egg
I don't but why not you say I have
family in this neighborhood yeah so the
fans could say miles miles miles
yeah but the fans knew that already what
do you want from me what do you want
from me I want you to rewrite that line
because you wrote the movie oops I'm
just telling you why the line exists
that's all I can do I understand why the
line exists but it's just so the dumb
person sitting next to you in the
theater could just start obnoxiously
clapping he's talking while Hosmer
houses he's also was flying around
that's what he's talking about Thor's
hammer anymore does it up there my
screening of infinii war first showed up
with his hammer his new hammer I think
it's the same the I think the
movie-going experiences that you have
are anomaly they're an absolute anomaly
technically it was an axe that's right
the I've only had one scenario in which
someone was being obnoxious like that
during a movie and it was during so it
was during the bit of solo that I saw
and I'm pretty sure the man sitting
behind me was of special needs yeah and
and was very excited for all the Star
Wars times yeah so I didn't make too big
a deal out of it yeah you see that
hanging off your shoulder pant a little
fabric yeah that's a little prayer thing
that's on there with a wax seal oh yeah
you can see the wax seal too yeah
because they have this armor they just
didn't build it right okay I get it
it's something old and quasi-mystical to
them it's their technology that's great
that's fantastic Johnson 89 this is
hijack and rich what did you think of
the no man's sky next trailer I've not
seen it this is the first I'm hearing
about it so is it a sequel or is it an
update do you know about it no I don't
care about it either okay great
also JJ Abrams is producing a movie
called Overlord the trailer makes it
looks like a lot I've heard about that a
world war two Nazi Zombies Wolfenstein
their box oh yeah yeah that's I mean
high high high quality Nazi Zombies yeah
I'm done with a high quality nazi zombie
b-movie yeah yeah this this could
finally be JJ fulfilling his lifelong
dream of just doing exactly what
Spielberg did right hi budgets Locke hi
budgets luck
yes Is It this is his opportunity
Spielberg never did do not see zombies
he never did not see zombies you know he
did killer theme parks the hook so he's
good easy might be too easy
we'll see why we'll see a little bit
moving it later
oh wait well is JJ directing or is JJ
just producing this is the important
question for you chat I mean was this
called again over
overlord
who's directing it Jules
Avery is directing it who is most known
for making the movie I've not heard of
any of these movies that's them I've not
heard of any of these movies that he is
directed great dead snow already did not
designed stuff years ago yes but the the
difference is in the budget my friends
feel the things Spielberg is known for
is well and I suppose you know Lucas
with the Star Wars is taking things that
have historically been low-budget
schlock and putting a little class into
them yeah that's that's why we like
Indiana Jones and Star Wars in Jurassic
Park and all that fun stuff is you take
you take the schlocky idea and then you
give it a little bit of a budget
so while many people have done Nazi
Zombies have they given it the
big-budget treatment that's the question
but I don't know anything about no man's
sky next and I also don't care no man's
sky was such a bad time I'm sorry well
you were there too you know what are
they changing this is it too late I
think no man's sky generated too much
ill-will too late for us or too late for
people for them for people in general
they burned their bridges
they've already burned the bridges okay
it's it's not too late rich what it is
is too soon everyone is still smoldering
over no man's sky hmm is what I'm gonna
say hmm that's what that's what I'm
gonna say but it like let's say they put
out this whatever it is whether it be an
update or they've been they've been
quietly updating the game I've been
considered picking it up but I don't
want to spend $60 I'm okay so what let's
assume no man's sky next is like an
update that adds a bunch of content
right what'll happen is you know some
some reviewers will do something some
streamers some hardcore fans will play
it and then slowly it will trickle
trickle out and then maybe next year
like next summer people will calm down
and go okay we're ready now we're ready
for no man's sky next
it's being changed to third-person
multiplayer is actually being added so
what am i doing to make the world not
feel empty because I don't know I'm not
that excited about no man's sky and
third-person actually when it comes to
spaceflight I prefer to be in the
cockpit right yeah I very much prefer to
be in the cockpit maybe hopefully it's a
toggle option oh god oh god I would hope
I mean it's if it was already in
first-person it's not like they would
take that away well I mean I guess they
could do anything yeah
they need the world the world to not
feel empty and pointless yeah agreed
so I don't know yeah I don't perform me
I don't think there's much before for me
it's done like it had its chance yeah
and and I just can't imagine true giving
it another go another real go I love
that kill that was fine - thanks just
because there's so many other games that
I actually want to play but you know
maybe for other people eventually we're
gonna get a chance I did see that over
his shadow of war the the new the the
new mortar er the the new Mordor just
patched out all the loop boxes oh okay
after after poor reception so we did it
congratulations everyone you've beat
them back for another week oh good oh
wait we gotta always fight rich always
fight
what happened to Lacroix I still drink
it all the goddamn time I don't know
cactus mutton what happened to him today
I today I have just regular regular old
plain non bubbly water like a chump
Hey did you figure out if it's mandatory
to have the little toy fighter in that
new Star Fox game because that's my no
man's sky I did not I haven't looked
into that too much you probably do they
want to sell things yeah but I wonder if
there's a way to like digitally buy the
thing so you don't actually have to buy
the toy no it's a little bit more money
if you have the toy that's probably the
correct answer I just don't know if
that's the correct answer
that would be that would be the business
sense or the toy is available like a
month before the digital is so you know
then you get your stuff then you get
your stuff did you did you you probably
didn't because you don't care about it I
I don't even remember where I read this
world of warcraft is going to a a
monthly subscription model okay what the
weren't they before world of warcraft
well here's the interesting thing
world of warcraft you needed you know
monthly subscription you know to play
online but then you also had to buy the
game so it was actually both okay
oh okay so now it's free but but but
them you you have to you still have the
monthly subscription but you no longer
have to buy the games never I thought
that was an interesting choice that must
mean that they're they're on their way
out I'm just trying to get long run yeah
oh yeah
and it's it's not for it's not for every
single part of World of Warcraft but for
most of the campaigns you can just pay
the monthly subscription and do most of
the campaigns so
I thought that was interesting I don't
think I will ever play World of Warcraft
in my life but I thought it was
interesting yeah a neat little a neat
little a neat little thing possibly just
to build up hype for a new expansion or
you know they they've reached critical
customer mass and this is their last
attempt to get new players in well you
don't hear about it much anymore so I'm
assuming it's just dying down naturally
mm-hmm dying a nice peaceful natural
death
absolutely just as it should of old age
slowly surrounded by its loved ones no
yeah absolutely it's an apt analogy I
think yeah yeah yeah
oh that does that reminds me of the they
have they've teased a thing from the new
spider-man game range okay and it's it's
the original spider-man outfit oh good
because I've been bitching so much yes I
won someone showed me someone showed me
that it just because of you they were
actually not thinking about doing it but
they heard you rich Evans loud and clear
and so you will get the original
spider-man it looks very similar to like
VMC you spider-man
so yeah looks good rich did it everyone
I want to see it open image someone I
think someone tweeted hold on I'll find
it doo-doo-doo-doo-doo high-proof no
it's a little too red
oh god it's it's a little too rig
talking about some little red yeah yeah
it is so vivid
oh god just go to the blue so colorful I
can't no it'll be fine
can't be pleased rich Evans Holly Khan
Holly icon says I like rich and Jack
being rich and Jack in whatever form or
way that manifests will even riches
eventual snarky comeback to this combat
to to this comment fraud my hack I don't
know if Richards got home from the snark
for that just came a knockoff of Gears
of War you see me taking cover I got
like a wolf like a like a goddamn coward
classic Gears of War more uh parchments
on the machinery Hirshman that's great
no I actually don't have anything I
don't have any problems in Gears of War
it's okay
this is okay I I have fond memories of
the first Gears of War
yeah yeah yeah it's fine it's perfectly
fine it's a it's a fun action game you
go you shoot the things you chainsaw the
guys boom you go to a new level of
getting your guns and boom boom boom
turns out of guys it is something well
enough that everyone lazily rips it off
for their awful cinematic games
exactly exactly except for with none of
the the character or pacing right yeah
that's not a joke yeah I know it's not a
joke that's what seven I were happily
playing the first two I think even in
the second one I did some of the online
multiplayer and then when the third one
came out I just didn't care so I didn't
play it
Jack why do you hate the Beatles I don't
hate the Beatles
I respect the Beatles quite a bit I
think the joke is something else cool of
the jacket oh well I think I'm talking
about this before was just like I'm just
not like I don't know if I'd ever choose
to listen to the Beatles but if they're
on there then he doesn't find I don't
love the Beatles
I have any good nightmare Airport flying
stories no oh I mean yes the answer to
that is yes yes I do
I do have a good just having kids on an
airplane that's what it is and I
actually I think I've told this story
before which is when when my oldest was
very young I mean maybe like one and a
half young uh-huh
we took him on his first airplane ride
and it was a long airplane ride well it
was and it was a two-parter I think one
was Milwaukee to Chicago and then the
other one was boys Chicago and far away
right yeah and we walkies Chicago flight
was great but he was very tired he's
sleeping right but the the flight went
perfectly great and we flew very early
in the morning and then the the next the
next flight it was it was daytime out
we're getting ready to go and you know
we open up the window we're pointing out
all the stuff little little baby Parker
is just feeling great about the world
and then this child witness is the most
horrific thing a child could witness
which is the earth vanishing in front of
his eyes oh look I'm with him and he was
not quite prepared for the earth to
disappear and he's only 1 and a half so
it's not like we can explain what's
going on and he spends the rest of the
four-hour flight screaming at the top of
his lungs unquenchable on ya unstop
unconsolable and it wasn't you know
everyone tried coming up to us like
about you know always it his ears does
it need to choose that it's not as near
as we check you know jack tattoo week
doesn't what do it what does he need
does it need to be like you know
everyone's trying to help everyone's
trying to be very helpful they just
wanted to shut up of course I don't care
about you know they don't care about me
but but then you know just having to
reacquaint everyone no no it's he's just
he's so frightened he's frightened of
everything
it was terrible it was it was a really
terrible experience I know those poor
people on that plane hey also fucking
that's what I say fuck'em so yeah that
way that was really bad
the fam I love that one
I love that one James saw to the gut
followed up just putting slam when your
fist on their head the very very awful
part for those people is a lot of them
were on our return flight we saw the
same people no yeah oh and it was and
they saw us they saw the baby again and
they're just like well you know do you
think about it's just four hours
otherwise fuck them it's just four hours
fine
but it was it was not a good time and
but you know of course now even after
that the next flight we took was fine
and with the new kids flight was fine
and they're great fliers knives and of
course now they're old but yeah that was
a that was a terrible time
that's why quaaludes were invented I
I've heard I have heard of some parents
who will like like keep their kid like
awake extra late the night before wake
them up extra early for a flight like
get them really super crazy tired out
and then maybe slip him a little nyquil
if something for a flight and man never
have I wanted to more than that flight
age limits on theatres don't bring your
fucking baby toddler to a theater uh and
I agree with that
I agree with that I think I think going
to a movie and flying on a plane are two
different are two very different
experiences a theater the entire point
is that two hours it while you're
watching a movie out
don't bring your baby to a movie one
you're gonna have to do shit you won't
be able to watch the movie fully but a
flight you're going somewhere people are
going on vacation the flight is a small
part of a larger activity we can deal
with children thanks but no don't do not
take your baby to the theater that's
that's that's just bad that's bad for
you as a parent like get someone to
watch a damn kid
I'm so sorry tired chorim who says back
back when I saw the matrix in the
theater some asshole brought his kid who
screamed throughout the entire movie and
you know like that that would be that
I'm a I'm a also strict believer and
talk to the manager like if if I hear a
kid crying for more than ten minutes I
would go straight to get someone like
hey I paid my money yep to see the movie
and this is what I'm getting go talk to
someone get a free ticket you shouldn't
bring it keep young enough to cry to
movie at all I agree I agree
wholeheartedly but that's that's a
situation where you could also talk to
someone and they might not remove the
kid but you get a free movie pass
theaters are huge or at least they were
really good at giving out free movie
passes
babies appreciate its agreed agreed they
do enjoy the finer things in life
go take your baby to see hereditary it's
supposed to be played it's just supposed
to be great
and I mean you know also if you got a
baby like that's that's one of those you
know take them to the family movie night
but they have cheap tickets and they
show a kids movie or take them to it or
not really showing or do something but
babies babies shouldn't be going to
movie theaters easy as that
easy as that captain president says hey
Jack and rich question number one XCOM
enemy Unknown is a new generation
streamlined update of the original XCOM
yes is there a new generation equivalent
for Master of Orion to know some people
might tell you otherwise now that I've
played how's that okay that is a good
answer I've had trouble I've had trouble
finding another master of Ryan style
game that doesn't turn the combat into
real-time combat which I hate okay also
have either of you played fable thanks
again I never get into it I tried once
and I played it I remember somewhat
having a good time I don't remember
terribly much of it if that gives you an
idea of how much I enjoyed it yeah from
what I remember it kind of just generic
fantasy fighter thing with some slight
RPG elements that we're all right but I
I just I really don't remember that much
fun yes chant I think the Master of
Orion remake did have real-time combat
the andross get the show into that
loader I will cover you
so ah I will forever treasure the little
chicken chaser chicken chaser I don't
know I just don't know
I just
I'm actually like try you know what the
only thing I remember remember about
fable was in order to keep playing the
game after you beat the final boss you
had to sit through the entire credits
and I didn't know that the first time I
played it
and so I beat the boss and then you know
quit out and then when I tried to play
again later
it saved before the boss meta so I had
to be poppy and the boss again and I
said oh that's Mullarkey but then I saw
somewhere that you just you have to sit
and wait and watch the whole credits and
then you can free roam after you beat
the boss
that's all that's all I got that's all I
remember from fable
Kotaro I'll do it he says he didn't have
to watch you could have just put down
the controller and eating a sandwich
that's true
after I beat the bus I didn't want a
free room oh I thought that was that was
supposed to be one of the big things
about fables you know go wherever do you
know it's your world I know that was one
of those things that you know they
promise never quite delivered on but
it's fine everything's fine all the time
Jack burgers I have not started a new
Batman animated series episode I have
not started a new one I need to find a
second episode which I think we were
talking about maybe finding a bane
episode who that would be really funny
buddy I just need to find another
episode and work stuff is a starting to
pick up so I haven't had time you know I
haven't had time to make another Batman
I'll make another one that was fine
darn work stuff rich
situation that wasn't ultimately that
was my favorite line yes it has to stop
strum well it had to stop yeah leave the
MOOC oh no there's no problem
yes oh god I gave I gave his now a
little sass and I like it yeah see you
want just dumb you're giving it a
personality dumb I'm playing it's subtle
I have no idea why I don't know it felt
right it felt right to do to try to be
true as I as true as I could to
Christian Bale's version I thought that
was funniest
Christian Bale or scooby-doo is the my
my Batman Christian Bale is very close
to my scooby-doo if you take out the
hahahaha of scooby-doo that's Christian
Bale's Batman hmm oh we're we go
right that's scooby-doo just take out
the uh ha ha ha and you go where are we
going
shaggy yeah well what's happening and
that's Christian Bale's Batman
there are you I try to put my teeth out
a little bit I know and the bottom
because as if they work alright yeah by
then it is it Scooby you ready ready
room it's the exact same voice
when my kids go to bed that's the voices
that I'm doing you have a good night the
night move
their gear looks like Starcraft marine
gear other way around my friend let's
start craft here big big bulky fat oh
and it looks like this this was around
first is what you're saying yeah
you know I was thinking about Batman
today yep he's thinking about Batman
today I was I was doing some things and
I turned on a movie in the background
and I just you know kind of was randomly
just me wanted something on the
background and justice league just came
to HBO guys like yeah you know I'll pop
that on in the background just have
something that I could I in no way need
to pay any attention to but you know
yeah I glanced over from time to time
you know what I was thinking I was I was
I was watching you know Batman in the
Justice League movie and I was thinking
to myself the Batman's costume needs a
complete overhaul oh when the Justice
League movie in a lot live-action Batman
oh my god he just jumped I'm thinking
that live-action Batman needs a complete
costume overhauled rethink it entire he
always has he's not probably the best
one is the the Batman vs Superman
Justice League kind of style but even
and there none of them are great none of
them are great but even that one like
all of them err on the side of like you
know armor softball gear you know like
that kind of stuff right and I'm
thinking Arkham City
I didn't I didn't play our crime city
it's very very similar to Arkham Asylum
just a little bit more detailed sure
sure
I'm thinking we need to get rid of the
notion that Batman has armor yeah I
think I think city is a nice compromise
it looks fabric but it looks sturdy yeah
but it doesn't look like he can't move
in it doesn't look like he's bulletproof
and that like as a as I'm watching
Justice League that's what I keep
thinking about Batman's armor is like
how can he even move in this stuff yeah
right why do you what do you think he
can't he can't
right no what do you think in the
classic Batman movies he turns like this
yes cuz he literally can't turn his head
good internus right and so yeah I'm
thinking for a lot you know because it's
something that we haven't seen
live-action we haven't seen the perfect
Batman suit live-action yeah is what I'm
saying far from it and I think we need
to go fabric and we need to think more
in the lines of stealth than armor yeah
that's Batman's whole deal and I think
actually what I was thinking to myself
was the maybe maybe this whole like
Batman armor situation is what has led
away from Batman the detective overall
is they keep on thinking about his bat
suits in terms of him fighting bad guys
right well he needs armor he's gonna be
fighting bad guys they're gonna be
shooting at him needs armor wear what
you should be thinking is how is Batman
not going to fight how his Batman going
to get out of the fight or not be seen
so he doesn't have to fight in the first
place that's the Batman that we want
Ryan and watching watching Ben Affleck
in this ridiculously bulky suit just
maybe think like we need someone who's
gonna pull the trigger on a Batman suit
that steps away from the armor who's
gonna do it who's gonna be the director
to have to have the courage to take off
the armor who's gonna be the producer
who's gonna be the producer to have the
courage to take off the armor
yes Zenit ropes is Jack are you implying
that Batman spent years learning how to
be stealthy as a ninja preposterous
absolutely preposterous versus Superman
not the one he wears for the fight what
Superman jet is generally what he wears
in that that's pretty much cloth I think
it's pretty similar to what he wears in
Justice League and it's it's bulkier
than you think it's bark it's both my
dog smoking it's bulkier than you might
be remembering I'm saying they're
halfway there
maybe well you know what what they are
is ready for a reset they're ready
they're ready to redo things and car and
cover new they've been ready for years
for redo yeah put Batman in leggings
damn it doesn't need to be leggings just
cloth Hey take a look at what he wears
in the early Arkham games mm-hmm I think
that's what you do my own my own opinion
it's that's tough just because obviously
that's that's animated you know like you
can't you can't base how something will
look in the real world off of banana off
of a drawing off of animation it just
doesn't work the same
oh you just rip off like turret guns cuz
you're this big strong I'm taking this
comfortable guys move that's fantastic
that's something I liked about the new
Wolfenstein game we could do the same
thing just fucking and rip off the
turret guns and take them right there
until they ran out of bullets of course
Batman tights maybe tights
maybe tights maybe just some sturdy
slacks you know maybe just give us the
slacks you know tighter but sturdy maybe
there's some pockets
it's a bat yeah some bat trousers this
cargo pants no obviously no that's
because then he's not Batman then he's
military
he wants the fan film Batman dead-end I
have not I don't know if I've seen any
Batman fan films it's got a decent
Batman costume in it
nice
is the daredevil series the best modern
live-action representation of Batman
then
the ninja side of things like when when
dared when daredevil but you know is it
season one daredevil when he still had
his his awesome daredevil sued that was
basically what year one Batman
it was fighting wise Matt Murdock didn't
do any sort of detecting but you you do
like a suit like that add in some
detecting and you got year one Batman
basically mmm-hmm
the manufacturer I'm still holds we must
hurry yes yes Batman dead end is the
Batman versus Predator fan film Batman
fights predator in an alley oh okay then
think Joker's there too remember
oh because he has to be right he's
contractually obligated to be there any
time Batman I love that thing oh yeah a
little-little happy floaty skull they
take prisoners and they turn them into
equipment no visible propulsion system
on that skull fantasy earlier I said
this might be somewhat sci-fi I take
that back it's got its foot heavy in the
fantasy yeah
Thank You Colonel rich mustard I will
save that link for later
experimental
because AI is forbidden they just
lobotomize people to work kind of like
AI britches so I'm asking how you think
this game has aged fine panels old oh
hell is it
2011 oh and everyone then it's not that
old I still think it looks all right I'd
say this game looks all right and if it
still plays all right that's all you can
ask for
what we got here we got KY Bosch
malarkey says if you could rewrite any
story what would it be and how would it
end that's paid that's uh yep just paid
sure is or is rich I would rewrite I
would rewrite right Wonder Woman and get
rid of the Ares fight boom done all
right great good I'm good you're good
oh good which is everything my yeah why
cuz they know cuz they want they just
trying to point out there I know they're
trying to get you to bare trying to get
you to bare
did you catch angry Joe being in the
chat jack he's a pretty solid and
heavily followed video game reviewer
intentionally campy reviews but always
good
oh okay well hi angry Joe if you're
still here you never watch them I don't
know if I've ever seen an angry Joe
around it was fine yeah I got nothing
against the angry Joe okay hello okay I
got I said his name is Joe
yeah I don't you know I just don't I've
been on I've been on like a cooking show
binge lately that's like that's my
YouTube time like I don't watch other
reviewers or people who talk about video
games or movies I just want to watch
cooking shows there's there's this great
there's this great series where a a
professional pastry chef tries to remake
candy foods in in her kitchen yeah like
she tries to remake skittles like how do
you make skittles by herself that's
that's a cute idea oh it's it's amazing
she did one on Kit Kats
it's great it's been fantastic I think
it's bone Appetit is the name of the
YouTube channel and they have a bunch of
stuff flatness but the making artisanal
junk food is by far my favorite you know
like how do like how do you make a
Twinkie but still haven't have that like
layer that that layer of like stickiness
on the end of the cake at every Twinkie
it was great bone Appetit
off my D&D; kick no no we're we're still
playing my my kids have kind of taken
over all of our campaign time though
they're writing their own campaigns now
so even have you you never gotten to do
your skeleton one I have it all written
out and now we're just waiting for the
time that all four of us are there
together okay which you know does not
happen very often the kids don't care
they'd rather do their own campaign well
your children have abandoned you
basically which is a fine that's money
that's your job as a parent make it so
your children can abandon you they're
gonna be the most well prepared dorks
when they're in high school oh yeah yeah
whatever you're into but know that yeah
they've been writing their own campaigns
and we've been having a ton of fun
I'm just waiting I'm waiting my turn
basically which is super Landon
knowing lately lately is speaking of my
children abandoning me rich uh-huh
they they recently rediscovered Super
Smash Brothers and that's what they've
been spending their videogame time plan
before were some other games here and
yeah but they've been hitting the Super
Smash Brothers hard lately and and
yesterday they were like they're like
why don't why don't you fight us dad
knows like oh no I won't do that you
know oh I'll mop the floor with you kids
you don't know your old dad at some time
in Super Smash Brothers and they're like
no come on we'll be on a team and you
have to fight the both of us and I was
like yeah well then maybe you stand a
chance haha right and of course I
haven't played it in ages I have not
played sorry no no this story is
anything you can just stop it doesn't
end how do you think it's gonna end
oh yeah it ends close to that where that
they got me down to just one life left
yeah and I did significantly worse than
I thought I still won still won I'm
still number one you you couldn't let
your children just have it no they gotta
earn it man they gotta earn it
Wow what do you what do you want what do
you want a bunch of a bunch of everyone
gets a trophies no they gotta work for
it
they do their own dishes and they earn
their smash brothers Victor's that's how
we roll
fucking fine Oh unbelievable I make up I
make my children earn their victories
like it like in satisfying yourself by
beating your children in a video game I
think I work for us appalling they got
to work for it but by the way they have
been working for it and they came
obnoxiously close I have to really step
up my game
III like I feel like I need to practice
yeah like like after they go to bed I'm
just gonna like hit in a couple hours
just to get my skill back really no no I
would I see I wouldn't go that far I
wouldn't kill I wouldn't go crazy I
don't know that I believe you
no no but like they're at a point now
where the two of them working together
could beat me like it could happen any
day and they're playing they're getting
a lot more time than me so it's gonna
happen
then I slapped the controller out of
their hands and scream how much they
suck no no that sounds like that's kind
of what you did no we had a great time
and they they were they were just really
happy by how close they came to winning
and then they vowed to practice some
more I make a magnanimous of you huh how
magnanimous of you I don't know what
magnanimous means I've heard the word
but I'm not quite sure on the definition
using context clues I'm gonna say like
benevolent what do you got for me yeah
none for you jack you're not gonna
explain to me what the word no no I'm
not because you're a horrible human
being I'm teaching my children
humiliation how to prepare how to deal
with loss how to work for their goals
that not everything will be handed to
them I'm sorry for being a good parent
they they took their loss very well they
said they're gonna practice some more
they're gonna try again later I'm not
gonna I'm not going to hand them the
victory though rich doesn't know either
no not really heard a bunch what
magnanimous man oh look I was hoping you
would teach me something you'd dammit
that's right UK you know K you come to
previously recorded for the for the
gameplay you stay for the parenting
advice absolutely that's what everyone's
here for
exactly like I we're just having we're
having a good time playing games
together and when they do win because
eventually like listen they're just
gonna do it they're gonna have far more
time than me to get good so when they do
eventually win I will take my loss very
poorly there I will I will take it I you
know well played I will I will make sure
they know that they earned the victory
and I will I will be a gracious loser
and hopefully teach them you know how to
be a good sportsman and I will also
instantly demand a rematch yes yeah but
also to be fair it's two against one and
then I'll say well take me out one on
one wanna be one me won't be one me No
exactly and also Joe Kitty points out
that my old hands don't work as fast as
theirs do it listen I'm gonna lose I'm
gonna lose I know I'm gonna lose one of
these days and it's gonna be soon
because now they have they have a goal
right all all foxes no items final
destination yes now we still play with
all items though we're playing we're
playing the Wii U version will find the
Wii U version which has a really great
feature which is the ability to disable
all of the traps on the level so every
level is basically fine on the final
destination you can disable all the
weird shit that could kill you on the
level and it just turns it into a plane
level with no you know mystery spinny
doodad that pops up and kills you every
once in a while and gets a ball switch
my photos draw which is is really great
because they got annoyed by that - they
got really annoyed by the fact the
levels would kill them and not the bad
guys so why Jack because that's the one
we have
because that's the smash brothers we
have game have a story who gives you
shit warm what you fight the bad guys
the orcs have evaded you have to shoot
the orcs so why does it need to be more
involved than that I'm sure it is in
here right yeah yeah but no these does
the bad guys would kill them all now the
story is about your your you as the
Space Marine Ridge are desperately
trying to reunite with all the guns that
can kill yours you've lost all your guns
and you need to find them or maybe maybe
we have it all wrong maybe the story
really isn't about you the space marine
maybe your advanced alien technology
actually in imprints your bullets with
your DNA and so you're not shooting the
bad guys you're trying to make a home
for your bullets oh all you need yeah
it's a fun world and in some context for
why you want to kill the things yeah and
they could be as simple as we're at war
there are the things that are invading
killed things and you know more more
story isn't necessarily a bad thing but
this seems to be seems to me like the
kind of game that puts an emphasis on
gameplay rather than story yep which is
fine we might do dead cells for a review
now that it has a release date and when
is the release date do we know what it
is uh-huh dead cells does have an
official release date I'd be okay
doing that for our view what's coming up
next though there's some big games
coming out like next month though so we
got we got some
tightening damage
I don't see an official release date Oh
August 7th oh well maybe Spidey I think
is the end of August yep
so we could have a dead cells early
August spider-man late August sure sure
that'd be nice I'll see if we can get
lower Croft in there somewhere no time
Raider no no the old one oh maybe you
talked about that baby that could be a
fun easy look back like I just play a
few hours of Tomb Raider see if it still
holds up it probably doesn't doesn't
want to shit on something old just for
the sake of shitting on something oh
it's not for the sake of it what if it
did some things and they still kind of
work it's a you know looks a little like
garbage but they still kind of work it'd
be gay be fun it'd be fun and we'd get
to make a ton of triangle boob jokes
boom-boom that's where the money is
triangle boob
hey I don't want to be the token hater
hey wait it's not Ben token it's too
late I don't want to go out of my way
we'll probably hate that we should do it
I don't think we'll hate it necessary
I doubt its age well I doubt it's aged
well all I'm saying is it could be
interesting could be an interesting look
back you don't want to be the token
hater or the toki and hater right rich
is already too talky and hater
you know much haters hates a strong word
you don't much care for them Lord of the
Ring not really yeah yeah
but hates a strong word or you could
play tomb raider anniversary which was
essentially a remake of the first Tomb
Raider I think if if we were to do this
which apparently we're not because rich
doesn't want I kind of don't I
I I think it would be more interesting
looking back at the original ps1 to just
to see while ago Invictus I need Salinas
to come secure the Invictus while I
divert to a priority alarm but but Louie
beats how do we know what the good games
are if we don't play them we got it we
got to play first figure out if it's
good later
it's a mad mad mad mad Max says Jack I
love your phrase everything is fine all
the time did you pick it up while still
on the farm it seems like just the thing
to say when a cow calf is breaching
sideways a Fox is in the henhouse and
Timmy is in the well catching a phrase
what French everything's fine all the
time oh no no it's just I probably
started saying it here on stream just
because it rhymes it's not something
I've said my whole life or maybe it is I
don't know I don't pay attention to the
things I say if you if you've noticed I
just say them I don't pay attention to
them
the sixth doctor is about to regenerate
which is your favorite doctor sixth
sound like 13 now aren't they yeah this
yeah the six doctor what are you talking
about
dr. Hibberd no this one's Pulaski
Pulaski is coming to it right and force
chick is chick doctors time almost done
no she hasn't started yet okay she's
coming up and yeah and if you include
war doctors she's number 14 she's dr. of
number 14
which is my favorite doctor I you they
didn't they say he can only do it like
12 times they did but then you know they
wrote that rule and then they broke that
rule by something they didn't have a
clever storyline to get around it they
just brought the rule I think that was
during the period in which I was not
watching and also I don't care I'm sure
there was a storyline involving breaking
the rule okay but uh wait does the war
doctor not count as a doctor there's a
doctor who chronological stream they're
about to be on stocked er seven with
this dress cool so I guess they're
airing them all oh okay I get you well
meet what what they say is if you are a
fan of Doctor Who you will fall in love
with your first doctor and I think
that's true and so for me it's
Christopher Eccleston he was the first
doctor that I saw as your favorite the
one nobody else likes he he had a lot of
hard work okay he had he had he had the
job of reviving this series after it had
been gone for so very long and he had a
difficult task
but I like the way he played it and so
Eccleston is kind of my default favor
because he was my first doctor and I
loved the way he played it like this was
after like the time wars and this was
after like a lot of big and tense stuff
and he played it very seriously and I
liked that and I liked him and Rose
Tennant was obviously fantastic and is
just a hair away from being the bests by
being just the best tenant is amazing
but I also really like Matt Smith I
think Matt Smith did some really good
stuff he was part of some really good
storylines and they you know they're all
they're all fun all the new doctors are
very fun
Eccleston was the the way Eccleston
plated was was I think appropriate for
the stories and but but Tennant was good
and Matt Smith was alright you know Matt
Smith unfortunately for me also has the
distinction of being the doctor when the
stories went to shit as far as I'm
concerned and so I know it's not Matt
Smith's fault but I didn't much care for
that Matt Smith also though has has Amy
Pond which was was an amazing companion
so you know it was a pursuit as if it's
a bazoo
River Song is the horse character in any
media river song what River Song
they they did this fantastic thing where
they they set up this character River
Song in dr. hood okay and she she showed
up in this great episode about a dead
library and and kind of these like
ghosts that hate inside people's space
suits it was great it was this fantastic
little episode right and they introduced
his character River Song and she was
also a time traveler like the doctor
uh-huh and in fact she was very familiar
with the doctor but she knew the doctor
later yeah
and so like they kept on crossing paths
and they had this wonderful
back-and-forth because she knew she knew
the doctor from later in life yeah and
he hadn't met her yet
and so like it was just this wonderful
fantasy time-traveling stuff and you
know like if she was just there for that
one episode she would have been
fantastic and then they ruined her they
utterly utterly ruined her I'm sorry
they they turned this interesting
character
how do they ruin the character so what
they did well they eventually they had
to think of a backstory right to this
character an offer as long as you fuck
him watch oh you've got to put it up for
offer for fucking ever but well I give
so maybe that's just the problem is they
came up with the backstory and their
backstory for River Song was she is
actually melody pond the daughter of Amy
Pond and Rory who then travels back in
time so she's actually about the same
age as Amy and Rory but then travels
back in time again so she's older than
them she also fights Hitler at one point
it it gets very very messy
she was also married to the doctor at
one point but not really I thought the
doctor was asexual right and that's the
whole there's a whole thing the arrow in
the room
look the thing Jack just shit on was the
most epic and awesome story arc in the
whole series lloyd beets that was the
start of the downfall they they they
they took this wonderful character and
basically just gutted her entire history
so that she wasn't there one minute and
she was there the next minute it was oh
it's just terrible just terrible it was
it was then and then they you know they
kept wanting they kept using her more
and more and then you know the more
she's in it the less fun she is it's
like it's like they may if it's like if
they would make a boba fett movie okay
okay the more you see the less special
they are it's the same thing they did
with the fucking weeping angels it's the
same thing they did with I mean really
any good Doctor Who enemy but how come
none of the doctors stick around for
longer than a season or two
lately it's been sure resident no no
Eccleston was there for one season yeah
and then Tennant was there for a good
how many seasons three or four yeah
maybe more maybe more you know it's BBC
and so alright they don't do their
absolutely say Matt Smith was there for
several seasons and then Capaldi I think
was there for choose because I only hear
about Doctor Who when they're changing
doctors well I think it happens all the
damn time okay yeah okay there according
to chat Tennant was four seasons Matt
Smith was three seasons and I want to
say that Capaldi did too so Oh Capaldi
was in three seasons oh shit
so there you go well it's it's usually a
big deal when they change doctors you
know it's it's there it's there it's
England's franchise this is the most
British thing ever
yeah Doctor Who it's it's like your
sports team really good at the job and
he wants to stick around for 10 years
yeah I wouldn't say no I don't think
they would say no either I think
everyone has kind of wanted to leave
yeah I think it's hard to say it's hard
to tell
it's hard to tell but also you know you
got it you gotta shake things up
sometime
I you know what a night I've seen very
few classic who I tried watching a few
episodes here and there because like you
can find them the old black and white
Doctor Who and it's just it's too what
about like seven days Doctor Who you
know what I might enjoy 70s Doctor Who I
tried watching some of the old
black-and-white ones and it didn't it
was just too far away for me to to latch
on to yeah but maybe 70s Doctor Who I've
seen the Doctor Who movie the
made-for-tv Doctor Who movie that was
like made in the US - oh yeah yeah well
that was the that was the backdoor pilot
right to try to see if American
audiences could latch on to it and
apparently the answer the answer was not
yet my friend but not yet that's right
and because of because of fires and
whatnot there are some full episodes of
Doctor Who that are completely lost the
time I've heard of this that just will
never will never appear again
I know it's it's fun you know it's it's
I guess for those who aren't into Doctor
Who and who are maybe into sports what I
can say is you know getting a new doctor
is like getting a new quarterback or a
new pitcher for your sports teams it's
exciting because you're not really sure
what to expect right it's a whole new
team it's it's a new it's the same thing
you used to but I would just I would
just find it scary well it can be plenty
they can go wrong
yeah that's true you know it's like it's
like a nice it's it's like an event it's
a big ol it's a big ol event the old
doctor dies new doctors born
it's always fun I'm and like I said you
know I've been out apparently I've been
out of doctor I've been out of Doctor
Who now for so long I don't even know
how many years I've been gone but that
was just because of the production staff
and so I I wouldn't care if it was still
Peter Capaldi just because they have a
new showrunner I'm back in yeah yeah it
just so happens to come with a new
doctor button I was ready to come back
as soon as they got rid of all was his
name Davies was a Devi Russell Davies so
so I'm very excited about Doctor Who
Doctor Who Doctor Who as I'm just
reading his Jack's kids gotten into
doctor whom yet I don't know if they
would be into it
Moffat thank you Davies was before
Moffat Moffat was the ruiner of things
and now there's the new one who did my
kids aren't my kids are still at the age
where if a movie's not animated they
generally don't care we're getting them
we're getting them they're you know he
wasn't like Star Wars you know what they
are they are not really into Star Wars
pornographers he thought they were
they're into pork we've actually asked
them if they wanted to you know last
Jedi is on Netflix now yeah like hey you
guys want to re-watch slash Jedi we can
see the porks again and again but then
we're like you want to watch all the
Jurassic Park movies and they're like
fuck yeah okay not enough blood we're
find in their movies they're super into
the Jurassic Park movies we're actually
gonna go see the new the new Jurassic
Park what is the fallen Kingdom yeah
they're really excited about that
they're really excited about that
because we've been binging all of the
Jurassic Park movies and did you ever
see world number dress a world map
we recently re-watched that as part of
the binge yeah and this might be a
little controversial but it's not as bad
as I remember
listen having an opinion and pinning on
anything is controversial chime so
you're right right the like when I when
I saw Jurassic world for the first time
the only Jurassic Park movie that was in
my memory was of course Jurassic Park
yeah but after watching Jurassic Park
than the lost world then Jurassic Park 3
Jurassic world is not the worst of those
movies in fact it's the second best of
those movies obviously second by a long
stretch but it's no worse and in fact
it's better than lost world and Jurassic
Park 3 but like if you're coming right
from Jurassic Park Jurassic world is
gonna be hot hot garbage but if you're
coming off of Jurassic Park 3 Jurassic
world is fine it's actually like it's
bit Pleasant so world
we're pretty hyped to see the the fallen
kingdom seems to me like you're just
lowering your standards says Cousteau's
de Leiria yes yeah yes absolutely it's
just it's just a game of comparisons o
continent I mean by the way that wasn't
so much like a clipping on the on the
I'm the terrain like I really don't
think you could step over that wearing
that armor like you just can't lift your
legs up high
