E3 2018ing (Part 2)
June 13, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiSUg0dqD9A

triple overview I have a lot of tips to
get through yet so I have not I don't
think I don't think I've missed anybody
oh I see it I did miss it okay I see it
um but uh oh wait till rich comes back
the big lecture about my patrols I've
already seen it I don't know why rich
left me with it but
you guys to make it one week oh yeah hey
I can't turn off anything I don't have
the mouse come on you start with me okay
I have a very serious question for you
how bad
it's a long trailer - I did like the
image did you guys see did you guys see
going around the image of the two
actresses who are in like the the mocap
suits doing this scene I thought that
was very funny there's no there's no way
there's no better way to take all of the
all of the like the beauty and
personality out of something than
showing how the sausage is made when
when rich comes back we'll show you guys
that because it's very very funny not
sweet dad to find it finding love in the
apocalypse eyes beautiful it's beautiful
I think is great I think the one thing I
was talking to Richard about this a
little bit earlier
the one thing that confused me is based
off of Elly's reaction to that kiss or
the lead-up to the kiss I had assumed
that Ellie like I had assumed that
nobody knew that Ellie was gay and
apparently that already came out in the
Last of Us DLC but the way she was
acting before that kiss kind of made me
think that like this was her first girl
kiss but apparently like I was just just
a normal thing but so I thought that was
just weird framing maybe was the first
time she kissed her but as someone who's
not very familiar with the last of a
series it took me by surprise but
she could yeah she kissed the other girl
on the DLC apparently I didn't play the
first game or the DLC and so it's all
news to me but like I said just the way
she reacted to that situation made it
seem like it was even a surprise to
Ellie but whatevs
that's good yes great yeah you you
juxtapose a sweet and tender human
moment with violence this is this is
already farty bullshit 101 is all great
I'm still not gonna play it like that's
I'm just not gonna play the game because
I know what it's gonna be it's gonna be
this and everything looks very scripted
so the cut is weird because it's like
you like the thing she remembered this
while kissing yeah maybe you took the
mouse Richard we're not even halfway
through we we just got done with the
with the hot hair Sam it we just got
done with the kiss here type something
for me yeah type the last of us to type
last of us to mocap suit
they they had I I saw I saw some I don't
know if they're gonna show it they they
had some wonderful images of the two
actresses doing that barn dance scene in
the mocap suits like doing the kiss yeah
and it's just like nothing takes nothing
takes the romance out of a scene like
seeing how the sausage is made you know
yeah I couldn't find it there on the
Google search button well I'm sure I'm
sure love interest dice Wow oh right you
know because art why not that's what I
was saying is just you know like tender
sweet human moment cut to you know
someone being stabbed in the neck that's
that's already 4101 as far as I'm
concerned
just nothing about this gameplay seems
interesting this looks incredibly
scripted what is the last of us camera
yeah exactly I'm like that's the thing
I'm not I'm just not interested in this
I was hoping this would be over by the
time I got back so we can watch
something else at any time you want
Ellie's voice actor is the waitress from
Avengers oh yeah well the person who is
doing the mocap looks like the the lady
from West world I wonder I don't know
what her name is just the lady that one
lady there's only one lady in West world
right there might only be one notable
one no there's there's many I'll find
her not Evan Rachel Wood later I'll find
it I'll find it what's her name
this one Shannon Woodward Shannon
Woodward is in Westworld did she do the
mocap or the Last of Us - apparently not
oh yeah she did ha she's diner she oh
she's she's doing the mocap for the lady
that Elly's kissing okay okay she's a
Westbrook she's good in West world
I take it word for it that's what I
that's all I got not Dolores she's like
she's like the UH she's like a junior
programmer she's kind of a minor
character but like I said she's Dinah
this is so scripted this is so scripted
but people love these games man people
love them
I don't quite get it but good for good
for the hey you know and like what's
important at the end of the day is you
find something that you enjoy yeah like
that's it that's it they're not for me
but good on you
does Rich hate the last of us very much
so yeah it's a lot of schmaltz and
boring third-person shooter mechanics
with some really crappy stealth yeah
we're just we're just watching it we're
not reviewing the trailers we're just
watching them and commenting on them
that's all rich sucked at it rich rich
couldn't figure out why the zombie they
made a big point of making the big deal
at how blind it was but it had really
good hearing yeah I kept getting
confused when I kept throwing things to
distract it and it would run straight
towards me I'm gonna throw a bottle over
there I'll run straight towards me yeah
true blue review is saying about the
Sony thing they said that at the press
conference so like the Sony the Sony
press conference was really strange
I had these large breaks in between
their gameplay trailers where they
thought you know those people at the
desk that we saw during the spider-man
open-world stuff they kept cutting back
to those people like in the middle of
the press conference it was very very
strange and triple review says there
were four separate venues one for each
major trailer and they literally herded
the people from place to place during
the desktop so like they would take the
audience who was in one location for the
last missed trailer go to the desk while
all those people came out of that venue
to a second venue for some reason for
some reason all right
a person in the chat I've never I don't
think I've said anything terrible about
Metroid Prime if I ever said anything
horrible about Metroid Prime you have in
that eye whenever I gush over Metroid
Prime
you're somewhat indifferent that's not
the same thing as hating it ya know that
means you hate it that's exactly what
that means
okay don't you know how the internet
works rich yeah you you weren't gushing
with me so that means you must hate it
okay that makes sense yeah settle down
how do you turn off autoplay we do this
just quickly this bar is going
alright you do you do I hate everything
today I said the spider-man game looks
good I said that the from software
what's a call and here then remember the
name that there's samurai game looks
fine it's a eco say eco my eco that did
look neat this standing stranding looks
like crap but it always has aha I had a
huge fucking smile on my face for doom
I'm sorry I don't like the same things
you like we got we got like 90 seconds
of doom oh you know what check out let's
check out what the range to fucking I
just want to watch it again I just want
to watch it again
those floating floating skyscrapers in
this ruined city i like those big brains
iraq neutrons iraq no drums i like them
the Barretts of health and swords fire
support
don't worry Chad there will be an
entirely new doom song for this doom so
we're gonna have a whole new soundtrack
when the music kick said when the
classic music kicks in I'm so in I can't
wait to see game play August right yeah
so we're a couple months away still but
hey that's great I I know I usually
bitch but there's no gameplay but they
have earned themselves so much leeway
it's pretty good
after doom 2016 I'm cutting them that
slack I'm just glad that another one is
coming
I'll give it like I'll give it like
eight out of 15 gay kisses looks pretty
good pretty good
I can Kentucky Fried creature says long
live prereq and rlm Thank You Kentucky
Fried a creature we appreciate it
oh yeah they want you to Metro Exodus is
what I saw they they want they want you
to see specifically Metro Exodus
official gameplay trailer boom
Peggy 18 ooh that means it's got dirty
stuff in it
Peggy 18
so most of the country has been
destroyed or occupied even those who
speak our language might be enemies by
conviction or out of fear let's move out
RT on that's a neat looking gun
okay it's first-person shooter mm-hmm
okay
a large open world okay great really
neat-looking guns so you just put on
rain cockles I've made it rain maybe
whatever he did didn't help his vision
okay
Oh giant fish it's gonna be fun yeah
this one's neat a bat monster yeah
when fired
I haven't not played any of the Metro
games which have you played in a poker
game
I think they're just open-world shooters
but I might be thinking of ARMA or their
boat they both are they both are yes one
or the other oh that looks fun that
fucking everything's come if you like
everything is coming out like next
February
every fucking game is coming out next
time release dates get jostled yeah
every game we got a tip unsurprisingly
Fire Emblem fangirl says will you please
watch the Fire Emblem three house
trailer alright that's just the tip I'm
reading right now
see this one's good for kids it's only
12 no adult stuff in this can you
imagine a Mario game with nudity Mario
goes like a strip club um I don't know
like you know just imagine Mario cuz we
saw Mario in his underpants in Super
Mario Galaxy right and you need to get
enough coins so she'll give you the
business and you get that star oh yes
don't tell a peach okay okay a peach pit
that's a good one hmm that's a good one
yeah
go ahead give me orders it's time to
measure your work as an instructor okay
grid based tactics mixed with just
straight-up anime
kilmister would like to correct
something Metro Exodus is not open world
oh it's not it's open world alike
sections that you spend a few hours with
and then move on okay then I must have
been thinking of ARMA okay
what was the one that Daisy was a motto
cuz I have a Tsar bomb that well okay
that's our mom I was thinking it was
Metro like all of them are mobs of our
mo right even like isn't uh isn't
fucking pub GM out of armor or didn't
it's always a part model have no idea
based on a mod for our mom yes sir all
right there you go Fire Emblem no we
didn't say metro was Ahmad rich thought
that Daisy was a mod of Metro but it's a
mod its amount of pub key or Daisy is a
mod of ARMA yes which is why I was
thinking that Metro was open-world you
see where we're going with this there's
a lot of there's a lot of little yeah oh
they announced Wolfenstein 300 it's good
they announced a water finish area 3 she
won't think about this one I want to
take a look at oh yeah we were gonna
whatever age to official gameplay
trailer Bethesda boom yeah early reports
of this say that the combat is very
doomed is very much like doing relation
well then good yes God turned his back
on humanity long ago
I think YouTube really wants us to watch
crow Jared's videos cuz I watched a
couple of his D&D; videos and now we're
doing III stephanie has a million III
video so it's like oh you got it like
this so yeah they are really pushing
hard
fear and the need for survival
you see part of growing up was watching
everything get taken from I stood by did
nothing first of all this Andrew W K
selling it's great so I will hear it as
many times as I want which is a lot
hello III and welcome to the world to
this one before this day there was a
live performance because for some reason
they think they need live musical
performance Andrew W K did a live
performance of the song before this
which was very awkward but he gave it a
hundred and ten percent like he always
does I on ironic season they waste a lot
of money at a three well it's not wasted
it's it's it's a it's press they do
things and so people can talk about them
it's publicity do you really need a live
music no no listen Nintendo is always
the winner they they pre record it they
release it and everyone still talks
about it and I'm sure they save a lot of
money I that's the way to do it yeah
boondocks no this looks good I'll give
this
I'll give this what what do you think
seven out of nine gay kisses lesbian I
mean gay any you know I personally value
lesbian kisses a little bit more sure
sure for the exchange rates not the same
then that's fair that's fair
everything will now be rated on a scale
of gays
I love em dude every case so much it's
so great look at the cursor talking at a
key if he can be your smile than fine
so it looks like they're moving away
from Mad Max and more and just some kind
of punk apocalypse Borderlands yeah
Borderlands meets Mad Max yeah yeah I
guess Borderlands is border man right
smells nice but yeah I think they're I
think they're doing something smart
which is going for style yeah
color a color is enriched that's fine oh
yeah I know I'm saying I'm just saying
that's like bright poppy colors what
game is just rage - yeah a weird one to
make a sequel to because I think that
first did very well you know the
Bethesda saw something saw something I
could sell that's right
that's how extras you have despised new
franchises out there where they're
willing to dig up even a failure even
even a failed but known IP is better
than something new yeah
proved beginning eco
rages buggy and endodontic flipping no
I've heard I've avoided it because I
find the cliffhanger thing annoying oh
yeah you and I I don't even remember
rage and one day coming out it was
completely off of my radar can you hear
me mementos looks like Ranger walkers
I like that little mini food push little
uh little dishonored power that's nice
look at how adorable that guy where'd he
find a football home at that big I love
man who ever came
just like his take on TV party tonight
every song has its take on a party a
party something there's a team there's
no there's a song TV party midnight oh
so now it's an existing song mmm I don't
know that one
okay oh I think I see fallout 76 down
there for honor it's for honor dlc dlc
and already I'm sorry I clicked on that
I'm gonna take a chance you know like
like III roulette what's that I never
heard of it what is it Oh some jackass
talk you got a stage you want to watch
Andrew W K live in front of awkward
people watching no no no I do not want
to where is it happen oh you want to
where's your age - they all say reach -
down it's a song because right before
this right before this they said all
right everybody let's take a look at
Rage - and then Andrew W K comes out
like they set him up for a
disappointment they set him up for
disappointment
is it never a good idea they look so
hyped
like I said right before this they said
hey let's have a look at Rage 2 and then
and and then Android of your cake comes
out like they they biffed it
110 % that man every time
where's the game I thought we're
supposed to see the game now yeah they
said we were gonna they said we're gonna
watch a rich shoe I'm updating my gaming
blog about what the graphics is in
gameplay is gonna be like and who's this
man look look at him none of them are
into this is that John I guess he's back
because they got rid of Carl back
yeah yeah how how awkward for everyone
all right let's see what we got here gig
one says Jack don't fiddle with things
I'm very very sorry let's see here croc
23a says hey guys did you hear that all
the future DLC for Friday the 13th has
been cancelled I did hear that yeah this
is a huge downer considering how well
the game lends itself to streaming I
never even saw the movies but can't get
enough of you guys playing technically
no technically it's just on hold but it
may very well end up being canceled
there's a legal dispute yes what's the
license yes there is and so they they
would I'm sure they would like to
release the DLC but they legally cannot
write and that won't like you can still
play the game like they didn't get rid
of all of the game ever but there's just
not gonna be any more content updates
which also means that they're not going
to want to you know keep updating their
servers and whatnot you know they can't
make any more money they're basically
done with it they should just release it
for free but but they still have to
support and support the servers right
like that has nothing to do with I don't
think that supporting the servers is
anything to do with the lawsuit no but
if they release it for free no one's
gonna support this you know how are you
gonna pay for them servers they already
have the servers for the people who are
already playing I have to keep and
maintain them
you have to keep and maintain them
doo doo doo where are we mojo Haas is
Jack the way you're talking about that
stranding sounds like you're talking
about fire watch I'm eagerly waiting for
you guys to rip that game apart unless
it's a good game of course there's
always that possibility there is they
you know you you really never know
Kojima has pulled some christum stuff
out of that crazy-ass before he's pulled
some great gameplay out sure not crazy
please switch to dark theme will that be
easier on all y'all's eyes I don't even
know where you do that I don't really
know either hold on for a second ya know
I don't how do you switch to dark theme
how about that you just click the end
real quick oh yeah we're not going away
we're not hey we're not ending okay
we're still here no that's not there how
do we go to the upper right-hand corner
are one of those things dark mode yeah
click on that maybe Oh dark theme where
there it is go down that one no up there
and then click that there we go that
looks great you know what that that
looks a lot better and we didn't mess up
we didn't mess up xsplit and hooray
great that does look significantly
better okay what else do we need to see
what do we need to see what's what's the
games
what's the big games XCOM 3 is still not
a game rich it's still not again I may
just J head check again
Devil May Cry 5 you're just gonna be
googling XCOM 3 every five minutes like
the rest of the week they're going to
announce that I know they're gonna
announce it
we've known each other a long time
you never had this much trouble
it is that Maya Rudolph
this is Shorthair Dante thought nobody
likes Shorthair Dante I don't
necessarily know if I care for his look
he looks like Hayden Christensen and
that in that jumper movie wasn't the
reboot insanely unpopular
oh no and a quirky funny sidekick and
it's fine
I'm okay with that big demon oh look at
that he's got a mouth in his tummy
that's great
with that I don't know okay
I don't know anything about the story of
those games need to do I great you know
the doom Slayer also kills demons but
with 75% was gay I didn't so what you're
saying is you give this 14 out of 15 out
of 15 gay kiss okay kisses rich that's
pretty tough
watch the term eternal trailer I can
wait no they're saying before you do
that look up no cuz you might need it
after this they're saying they're saying
that um look up Gears of War oh I think
I did see that yeah they said there's
like a gear of Gears of War tactical
game wait Gears of War tactical game
that's what they're saying you're not
talking about Gears of War 5 I don't
know this I'm I'm just saying telling
them what they told me is before it lets
a co those Gears of War I'm just getting
Gears of War 5 repeatedly what's the
gears or tactical Gears tactics Gears of
War tactics is what's coming gears
tactics Gears of War tactics
use tactics trailer that looked a lot
like X yeah yeah you're gonna show us
you're gonna show us how not that that's
almost over
that might be all they have oh wait wait
get out of town I think that's all they
have oh there's not much to go on well
it could be neat gears word I don't know
I really don't know you know you put
your gears of war skin on your ex come
to it could be fun I guess you how many
people do you get - chainsaw big Edie
sweet
in any language it's just a sweep
wladim
let them okay we were III was worth it
just to know that they're making another
you know because you didn't mention
anything about her than attended direct
I'm guessing you know there was nothing
about the new no more heroes I know I
don't believe so
okay not that not that I saw
yes from 2017 yeah they did announce a
new Mario
Rabbids Kingdom battle deals oh oh what
I like more levels or more characters or
my rabbits came to battle III 2018
conference presentation we're down there
we did want to the ghost of Tsushima
alright yeah
Oh see by the way the fromsoftware one
looks a little bit more fun oh yeah
the these people also had a live musical
performance yeah but this is the correct
way you do a live musical performance
for you yeah there's gonna be a live
band but you see how you do it right
this is how you do it correctly it's
still very cheesy but it makes way more
sense are they doing music for the
trailer live okay that's exactly what
they're doing they're doing music for
the trailer live so you get the live
band you get the trailer it's great
they're all so friendly don't get cold
this is a branch at least Hatewatch
Resident Evil 2 wouldn't be hate
watching let's just say lack of interest
in the franchise
except for Resident Evil for Resident
Evil 4 was awesome
let's see here Bjorn that Norway has a
question I am very rich could I get on a
best of the worst episode if I paid like
$100,000 not the one to ask send send an
email we're not we're not in charge
about
this is sad it's cute
at least they're showing the game stuff
right instead of like pause for a
musical performance and then we'll show
you the game stuff I just want details
and what's gonna be in this DLC Donkey
Kong it's telling you only DLC how many
new maps any new maps it's gonna be
playable in the main story logo isn't
about new stuff look at all the new
stuff how many hours worth of new
campaign right fine
yeah you're right Boer Oblast not
everything is cringy y'all being a
little to me this this cute cuz remember
like this is also a live presentation so
they're trying to trying to you know
play for a live audience you want to do
something a little fun
do people not like this game richer they
like this game yeah
those are the cute XCOM like yeah
and I was like kind of a kick ass Bowser
fight
it's likely it's good that's later this
month yes yeah the hype machine has not
been working overtime on that one it'll
be fine
you know what it'll be fine and I'll be
fine
gig one wants to know if we got the GOG
key for The Witcher 3 expansion I did
thank you you Guan tired and sad says
what did you guys think of the Halloween
reboot trailer also I watch the extended
TV trailer for the predator honestly I'm
getting nervous but Shane black usually
dessert delivers I haven't seen any
their Halloween reboot trailer the TV
spot for Assad but I don't have
especially strong thoughts yes I'm not
the one around here who loves Halloween
and that was all right I guess wow yeah
I haven't seen it sorry I don't know how
seriously we're supposed to take it 89
year old Michael Myers but you know it's
fine how seriously you're supposed to
take any of the franchise all right
exactly
watch my friend Pedro my friend my
friend Pedro do you know this
yeah actually I'm following the
developer on Twitter it looks like a
neat game looks like an interesting game
I've never been particularly fond of
violence but these are bad people and
people that need to be stopped so let's
get crazy let's get weird let's get well
this kind of crazy yeah yeah it could be
a lot of a lot of fun
nada Arkady dumb fun looks like it
should be a Deadpool game maybe that's
how it started its life but they
couldn't get the right right no no end
no swords think I'm done with this oh
yeah
you know anytime you can kick
dismembered heads into people you got to
be having some fun there I officially
approve boom there you go
2019 probably February because
everything's coming out in February
bullet time the game yeah I mean okay
what else do you need
that's what makes it fun maybe
megusta very megusta yeah oh I don't
know well yeah sure sure look up
transference and and Enz
this is once again I apologize I am
feeling sick today this is a game coming
out of Elijah woods
production company
are you comfortable now this rigs a bit
cumbersome but that's always the way
with these new prototypes huh and all
you have to do is just just be I know
things haven't been so great lately I've
been a lousy father I'm unable naazy
husband to sleep you've seen her run
that's got enough but all that is gonna
change
we're all gonna be together all of our
hard work of our sacrifices that's my
gift to you
dad it's a neat visual
it to me it's screams of like what was
that super shitty one sentence spooky
game that we played once we're just like
the old lady jumped out and scared you
every once in a while oh right like it
reminds me of a it it kind of looks like
a five nights at Freddy's situation to
me with some idea with some neat visuals
oh that's something I want to talk about
we you don't have to watch it I guess
you guys want evil yeah let's watch it
because I want to I want to discuss
something yeah god that day that they
talked about at ooh at the ubisoft press
conference after we watch the trailer of
course
that's what I'm gonna talk about so on a
page there we could use your space Chile
negativo meal or only you can
I still have no idea what this game will
actually entail this is sequel yeah I've
known it I didn't play the original
because I think it's gonna Zelda like is
it I have no idea all I remember about
Beyond Good and Evil is it was on every
list of the best game that you've never
played you've never played it's always
on that list yeah you've never played
this game but it's a masterpiece and
that's the only thing I have a copy at
home
it's a big ship or maybe a creature oh
if if if this were a movie trailer yeah
this is probably the only movie they've
shown at e3 this year I kind of
shouldn't sing mm-hmm I mean yeah I
don't know much about the game yeah but
this weird world with humans and animal
things and right kind of weird skull
thing there
this is totally a movie out and there's
like a ship sailing on the ring a
planet's rings yeah this is weird it
interesting yeah yeah it is
one of these days I'm gonna get around
to playing the first game hopefully I'll
do that before the second one comes out
when's it gonna come out how you gonna
tell me trailer no you're not okay so
here the hit record partnership do you
know what hit record is what so that's a
no hit record is come on rich
hit record is a Joseph gordon-levitt
website or something it's all about like
artistic collaboration people like
upload art and then other people like
remix it and like it's it's like a forum
for art or some bullshit I I know very
little about it but I think that's what
it is right what they've announced for
Beyond Good and Evil 2 is a very heavy
on the coat collaboration with the fans
where fans can submit artwork music
video character designs that will appear
in the game well and it's one it sounds
very much like one of those exploitative
like hey know your art might be featured
in a on good or evil - it feels very
sleazy and and like corporate back
handling submit us your music it could
get featured in our major games right
like I and so while the game does look
very near the visuals look very neat
there's this kind of sleazy overtone
that goes along with it will give you
exposure
it'll be featured in a major video game
that's what it looks like to me
obviously I could be wrong but it it
ticks all of those like love our game
because we're gonna be a platform for
you as an artist and and that never sits
right with me I'm not gonna comment
because I know nothing about it
yeah so somebody in the chat earlier is
really angry with me why I said I know
nothing about the game but Beyond Good
and Evil 2 looks interesting
no I've ever wore a movie I'd be
interested how is that negative gun
people always think I'm negative
I've liked a lot of shit with watch
tonight I've had good things to say yeah
gets gloss over cuz I didn't like Last
of Us and Metroid Prime you've hated on
Metroid Prime so much how was anybody
getting that I know you are I know you
are David II know people says hey Jake
and rich yep you guys should play in
justice too now is the perfect time
because e3 is over any games or news
that floated your boat PS check out the
jump force game trailer alright
I don't know if there was anything that
like specifically like made Maday Oh
during the Nintendo press conference
they mentioned that Dark Souls for the
switch would be out this summer that's
that's it I want to play the Dark Souls
on my switch that's all I care about
only thing in the world you care about
huh is when's the Dark Souls gonna come
out from a switch so I can replay it so
I can play for the first time you know
the entirety of Dark Souls
oh yeah jump horse is an anime mashup
fighting game okay
we're one piece Notaro and Dragon Ball Z
fight each other yes okay what else we
got
I'm not letting them set me up
watch why did the Resident Evil 2
trailer why not why not all right
let's watch that what am i clicking on
here full review
praxis I did have fun playing Skyrim
that's what I played on Sunday while you
were out I delved into the world of
Skyrim and you know what it was decent
alright I was having a little fun
the combat is dumber than a bag of
bricks I'll tell you that yeah it's just
it's just some some thunk-thunk there's
nothing particularly engaging about it
but a house a neat world saw some Giants
I got a like a dragon's ant-man game
I want to see a tiny Resident Evil game
you play it you play as a very tiny
zombie yes yes oh I think I got bit by
something
I was really excited when I thought this
was a ratatouille game this is the dark
gritty reboot of ratatouille
oh they're showing this live I thought
the trailer added in like a laugh track
I think editon canned applause that
would be great right
we need that gameplay trailers well cuz
what how am I supposed to know when I
should be excited you know I was I was I
was just watching he's speaking of that
I'm gonna go off on a little an on game
tangent for a bit I was listening to the
most wonderful program on NPR the other
the other day about the nanny the show
the nanny yeah and apparently that show
was one of the first to literally hire
an audience Oh apparently there were
there were some things where where some
of the actors were afraid of strangers
coming in yeah just some issues and so
what they did instead of having
strangers come in to be there laugh
track
they hired extras and just told them
when to laugh I mean they usually tell
people when to laugh anyway right
exactly and so they just paid them this
just sounds like a waste well no it's
just a good idea cuz then then you get
people who are willing to take direction
oh no idea laugh a little bit more left
a little bit more it was just a very
interesting segment on the first on the
start of the paid laughing at that point
you may as well just have canned but
then it's the same laugh over and over
again you're still paid and right
alright here you can get a little more
organic sound alright I could see that
anyway but that's that's my little
tangent canned laughter now we need that
I just thought oh it's just a really
interesting story oh yeah yeah paid
actors and
Kendall I did not know that about the
man I don't even know that wasn't
practice no did you see one it was for a
while and then and then you know with
the rise of reality television that kind
of went away but do not hesitate
whatever it takes to save this city
surprised you made it this far they did
for my extraction
just that Leon guy from four I don't I
don't know the resident evening is this
Chris Chris Hatfield does that
aggressive an evil guy of course
displays drinks rich is correct
this is Leon okay
it's coming it's coming back
all right
okay okay it's probably a lot more
interesting if I didn't like fake
reactions that would be more exciting
we've we've told people so many times
that we don't necessarily care about
these things
honesty sucks I don't know if I could
keep that up for four hours you're an
enemy thing the trivia legit okay oh my
god I think that's the ship from the
anime what anime oh my god I think
that's the ship from the anime are you
gonna pretend you've done I'm just gonna
watch this and I'm not gonna know what
any of this shit is I saw a ship rich I
assume it's from the end of the hand oh
my god it's that guy from the anime
that's Goku No
so that's Bulma
bull bazaar
that's bull that's bull sorry yeah so
that's the power ranger villain right
said that was Rita Repulsa it's Miss
Marvel gun
Wow Kamala me the fuck is that it's an
anime thing that a Pokemon yeah cuz
pokemons an anime that's what I'm saying
so it's in the anime Fighter cross he's
fighting a Pokemon
she um force
great night I turned my head and I
missed the reveal of that character I
don't know who that character is now
thank you now we need to watch the video
explaining all the Easter eggs in the
jump for scrap like what this character
actually only appears in the background
of the original 87 Dragon Ball Z is
gonna be a main fire it's gonna be
intense it's gonna be intense
like comment subscribe rich is gonna lie
and say you hate it no we're just gonna
sit and give a shit I don't know any of
these fucking characters art it means
nothing to me there you go I know Goku I
know that one was Goku for sure right
and the other one was from the
Nickelodeon yep he has the hair he has
the that's the Goku that's the only way
you could tell animate characters apart
by their hair well no the one guy had
the headband and he's from Notre oh I
don't know shit about that he's it was a
Nickelodeon cartoon for okay I think and
then the other guy they're stretchy guy
and I think and I don't know if I've
seen that picture I don't know what the
fuck he is or who he is or what he does
or what he wants
I build what he's called he's a
character what gender they are from an
anime called one piece I believe I don't
know and I'm sure a chat is about to say
I have literally never heard of that I
have not read or watched a single one
I've seen the name with that character
with the Hat that's all I know so that's
all I got
they're saying to watch something called
control