So Long and Thanks for All the Fish (pt 2)
July 22, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5e8wBm4o5Ws

and then we will quit what was it called
again
blood something bloodlines or blub blub
blub blub blub blub one blood stain this
blood stain blood-stained curse of the
moon oh we have to do this we do yeah it
said it's a you know we detect this game
on your hard drive but you don't have
access to it no weird yeah you changed
there I'll update it in the in the
twitch keyboarding
why is rich wearing a Milwaukee Brewers
hat because I went to a game recently
you went to a burger game yeah
when I go to a team's stadium I tend to
buy a hat souvenir mm-hmm how'd you like
it all right
I I prefer I perform I I perform idly
games well yeah you can get better seats
don't god yeah
and you're not a you're not a drinker no
and so I you know I always a lot of
times when like my friends or family
will tell me about going to a Brewers
game they will spend 90% of the
conversation just talking about the
amazing time they had tailgating yeah
like oh yeah we played games there's so
much fun I hope we did this like I had a
great time grilled out some brats and
you know then we went to the game so you
know not being a drinker or so then you
know you're probably not a tailgater
either no I think for a lot of people
that's the experience just not go
fullscreen
weird that's weird
initial setup fullscreen need I'm sure
to have a full screen option Danny go
there you go tell and you know I've
enjoyed tailgating myself and I will
spend as much time in the parking lot as
I can and for those who don't know I
know tailgating is a is a predominantly
Midwestern thing I don't know I've heard
at least people don't do it much outside
of even outside of Wisconsin they don't
do it much where a big part of the
sports games for us here in in Wisconsin
is is you get to the game a couple hours
early hang out in the parking lot of the
stadium
people bring grills they bring outdoor
games they they drink they party they
basically have just a giant pregame
party in the parking lot of the stadium
yeah
and then eventually some of them go
inside the stadium and you know do and
watch the game and I've had great funds
at the tailgating party I just wish I
could leave them can I just come to
tailgating then leave there's probably a
way to do that I've never looked into it
we tailgate a lot in Canada well of
course in Canada tailgating is popular
everywhere okay well great I had I had
heard once that tailgating
ern√µ who was it I think I was talking to
someone from other states and we were I
was we were talking about tailgating in
there or tailgating what's that yeah so
I guess I had assumed that it was maybe
just a Milwaukee thing know is
everywhere I think so yeah okay I mean
that would make sense
alcohol is so damned expensive inside
the stadium
well Kenny Lauderdale rich notices that
you're gay now Kenny Lauderdale says the
chat is moving so fast that rich won't
notice I'm gay now thanks for feeling
confident enough to come out to us we
appreciate it and you know what we
accept you I'm glad that you can be
yourself we accept you as you are unless
you're an asshole
obviously this is nothing like
Castlevania what I don't believe it you
know something I was saying when uh oh
my god this is so Castlevania something
I was saying when you were just showing
the showing me like the trailer for this
is how much a game like this benefits
from the widescreen you now have so much
real estate on either side to see
enemies coming I know and how fantastic
that is for a game like this it just
gives you that extra few frames of
reaction time
it's a goddamn tragedy we didn't have
this back in the NES days widescreen
right right it reminds me a lot of like
people like you ever watch those videos
I'm like how scrolling works in games
and how like they determine yeah where
that where the camera is supposed to be
in these side scroller games it's
fantastic
but yeah train that's great that's
beautiful background train element
oh right let's say we have a real they
on who says okay one more thing rich
yeah check out the book the guide to
classic graphic adventures it's by Kurt
Coolatta it's huge about two inches
thick and reviews just about every
adventure game from the 80s and 90s I
don't know how do I get in there can you
know you press down twice yeah
oh well wait can you change characters
and now I should be able to but not yet
okay because one of your characters can
like turn into animals
maybe that's four maybe it's a comeback
later kind of thing from what I saw of
the trailer
Thank You Magnus pee-yew
only a New Game+ where you can switch
characters oh so you need to beat the
campers wow that's intense
dr. Chuck but Mudd says so are we
supposed to bother you on Twitter when
we want your opinion on random TV and
movies yes yes you are
you guys already do that so why would
that change
yeah I'll probably be you know obviously
I won't be manning the previously
recorded Twitter as much but you know
you can still bother me on my Twitter
and that's fine for anyone just joining
us what does it calls again penultimate
yeah
this right here is rich and i's
penultimate stream which means our
second to last we're calling it quits
we're calling it quits yeah and what was
that what I found mother weapon oh you
got whip no we're cut you know as as we
are currently the top streamers on
Twitch we want to you know make sure we
we end on a high note
so we're stopping now
special widescreen director's cut stream
absolutely the the project rich and I
will be working on next is actually
doing directors commentaries on all of
our old streams starting from the first
is we're gonna have a separate audio
channel it's just us talking over us
talking it's gonna be it's a new level
we're gonna reach a whole new level meta
it's a very very meta
it's all very oh so oh so meta oh shit
there we go
would you consider doing one last retro
review for a game no no I think we're
done that's not to say that rich and I
are done making can you not get out
there are done making any videos ever
just done no oh wait what happens if you
go right there
secret no okay I don't know if it was a
secret
Sippi food there there is a that's a
cool enemy there was an air show this
weekend and so all of the airplanes that
were in the air show are now you know
going back home taking a few extra
maneuvers it's very loud
it's very very round oh oh yes I was
hoping he had a giant fist awesome
that's great that's great
anonymous sent us a tip to say I found a
lot of great games from you guys games I
normally wouldn't have I loved slay the
spire and FTL hopefully if you find a
new game through your own enjoyment
you'll tweet it out you'll tweet out the
recommendation anyway now I gotta find
someone else to watch absolutely I
believe in you can find someone there's
plenty you know twitch has how many
streamers currently a million a million
zillion thoughts on Shazam did you see
any of the trailers to come out to come
out of comic-con
Shazam looks fun it you know they're
going they're going full-blown little
kid gets superpowers okay they're having
a lot of fun with it
Zach Zachary levy I think is who plays
adult chisholm if you remember that uh
what show was he on where he was like an
IT nerd who would turned into a super
spy my name is Jim devar IDI
oh you know what y'all talkin ya day
that my name is show was Earl that's not
the shows it was just some buddies name
those was a normal name
Chuck Chuck yes so that you know the guy
who started Chuck is is big Shazam and
he according to the trailer he looks
like he's gonna have a lot of fun with
that role of just being a little kid in
a grown-up body so I thought I thought
it looked fun
and you know it's it's a big ol we'll
see
Aquaman looked a little ridiculous but
it's Aquaman I don't think it was ever
not gonna look ridiculous there was a
little too many woo-hoos in the trailer
for me well as a kid he's got super
powers makes sense that he go no oh no
no Aquaman
oh no oh the kid no the kids should be
going they were had they had to sell a
little montage in the trailer for a
Shazam where it's it's him and his
little friend Billy Batson yeah and
Billy is Billy Batson is really into
superheroes and so he wants to test out
his super Howard power so they had a
little like super power montage thing
that was just the most adorable thing
and so that was great but the the what
do you call it the Aquaman trailer had
Aquaman going whoohoo too much I have an
Aquaman be going right that makes no
sense
Oh Billy Batson is who's what's a
friend's name who's the kid and who's
the kid is with he's with a friend
nope
yeah there was a lot of mom ban moments
that that were just a little a little
much and then the titans trailer you
haven't you also haven't seen that
because he didn't watch any of the
trailers so they announced this DW
streaming service ok another streaming
service
yeah we're it's gonna be cost thousands
of dollars to watch all the show of
course so you know they're gonna have
their shows but also bundled with that
is actually a you can a collection to a
bunch of old digital comics so that'll
be neat yeah you know that that kind of
differentiates it from the million of
other streaming services that they have
out there but one of these one of their
originals for the DW streaming service
is called Titans which is you know take
on Teen Titans as you know but they're
just calling it Titans I don't want to
call it teen titans you know why rich
cuz it's dark and gritty it's fucking
dark and gritty and Robin straight up
well that sucked what the fuck was that
did he die I think so Robin murders
people Robin straight up shoots people
breaks their neck and murder people the
audience the primary audience for Teen
Titans are small children really like
the Teen Titans go rich the trailer for
Titans features the fray as a close-up
of Robins face and you know what he says
you know you're like yeah there's some
bad guys in an alley right and it also
in Robin jumps down and he's like Oh bad
guy send the bad girl goes where's
Batman and they they they push in on
Robins face and he goes fuck Batman and
murders all the bad guys this is the
thing that happens in the Titans
trailers
fuck Batman I wonder why Marvel's
winning right right they were it was
it's it's it's insanity he breaks a bet
he steps on a bad guy's head breaking
his neck he shoots bad guys he takes
their guns and shoots bad guys that's
what we're that's where Robin is and it
looks like the series is about like
Robin finding Raven and Ravens going a
little crazy with her with her my god I
can't wait for cyborg to literally crush
someone's skull just rip the flesh off
of their bones trying to become human
again
oh he's got it no he's got a constant
replaces organic parts so he's
constantly ripping parts off of other
living human beings and grafting them on
to himself I mean I would love that I
would absolutely love that right no joke
I would watch that I would watch that
show
I actually I don't know if cyborg is in
it because it might be one of those
that's trying to be on the peripheral of
the DCE you and so cyborg is not in the
tecna's bond it's it looks it looks
ridiculous it looks like they made every
bad decision that they could have made
so it's oh my god yeah that enemy oh you
got a new character yeah
thoughts on the Doctor Who trailer it
didn't give us a ton of information we
already knew Jodie Whittaker I want to
say it as your name is the new doctor
and it looks like there's gonna be a few
companions not just one companion looks
cute oh there's definitely a secret
under those stairs
interesting
stuff I always look sue but yeah you
know it's it's one of those things how
do you make how do you make Starfire
live-action how do you make any of this
shit live-action but oh I did get her
name right good yeah now I'm excited for
a new Doctor Who yeah Gemma blip blip
dipped after birth
same old same old same conversation
we've had million times right ah frog
don't the doctor that's convenient
yeah what I don't have to duck to reach
them oh good yeah a lot of the the
comic-con trailers or just all rights
yes
Momo fits not a Muffet or Moffat Muffit
Muffit Miss Muffet is no longer in
charge and so we might get an actual
compelling narrative this time we might
get we it's so crazy we might get
consistent characterization in a doctor
hoop of which which is what I'm looking
for do so whenever that serves I don't
even know when it starts when does the
new Doctor Who start
moffat okay anyone know anyone know what
his test
in the fall okay well good now to give
me something like forward
I'm surprised Marvel only released iron
fist to and like nothing else
you know Marvel it currently is not
really worried about their movie hype
they've released eight out of the six
blockbusters this year they're fine yeah
infinity war was the biggest movie ever
for all time and everyone loved it and
saw it or if didn't love it they saw it
so that's all that matters Marvel's fine
they don't give a fuck anymore
kind of kind of like Nintendo not really
being at e3 anymore her Marvel's like
we're good you know we're good yeah we
got our own thing over here doesn't you
they have their own convention right do
that D something D 23d right or our
event says Marvel doesn't even have to
release the trailer for infinity war two
because who isn't going to watch that
movie right right you're right DC fans D
know they're still gonna watch it so
they know what to complain about they're
gonna watch it to make sure that they're
there oh wait anything under those tears
that there's a secret over there
about right there Oh wolf nice what
about the under lower there right there
no all right where's the secrets rich to
fall a secret Turtles it'll be fine
it'll all be fine yeah we didn't I don't
know if you had any do you have any
thoughts on on the gun drama no I don't
know I don't know enough about it yeah
I want my big fat mouth yeah knowing
much about it so that's that's my hot
take is I don't know much about it and I
don't I don't really maybe I should care
but I don't so sorry
turtle made turtle Minh I am turtle man
well we got here we got dunkaccino who
says are there any non repetitive
questions you would have wanted to be
asked on stream thanks for all the
laughs prereq yeah for years I think we
did it all yeah that's it I think we got
everything that's the thing is just like
there's not it's cycles the there wasn't
much that you know us or you could have
done about oh she's just dead Oh
interesting
she's just dead how interesting
I don't have a twitch account says I
don't particularly like video games but
always watched your streams which always
entertained I'll miss the D&D; talk
camera tuck in Sierra and seeing rich
Evans twice a week give biscuit my love
all the best for the future
excuse me lol fuck my cock thank you I
don't have a twitch account don't want
plenty of biscuit updates nothing but
nothing but whiskey talk slowly is the
role 'button Opie I just feel like every
game needs a warm one out yeah this guy
doesn't have one I know nice nicely done
let's see here urban vermin says hey
guys I just wanted to say thank you for
being mostly civil level-headed and
nuanced about videogames pop culture etc
I feel that these things are lacking in
the Internet discourse anyway thanks and
did you guys ever get that YouTube gold
play button not gold
YouTube gold is like a million
subscriber but in the mail on the way is
a silver play button for us absolutely
nice so we have that we will we do
officially have a silver play button for
getting over a hundred thousand
subscribers which I do think is a very
very nice accomplishment that we have
and we will we will hang it somewhere
here in the studio with pride okay there
health doesn't carry over
oh so you can kind of use yeah and one
to it to tank and then switch over to
the other nice nice that's that's nice
strategic
season it seemed to do the same lot of
damage who reaches much better all right
yeah yeah we're learning things okay
what's his special do you there's like
different weapons you can get okay
good come on all right let's see what we
got here we got clay dough who says how
much money to make rich play final
fantasy for the last string two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars I was just
gonna say none but I mean if you want to
go that crazy might get it I guess I you
know I sure two hundred and fifty
thousand American dollars that's a
that's a fine answer rich fine answer
that's it that's it and he'll play any
final fantasy game or do you get to
choose yeah thank you okay any final
fantasy game you want for two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars bargain it's
a quite a bargain
soon as he done with twitch LOL i resis
kryb today we well yeah we're done we
thought with all of it the the the
stream and oh that was weak the the
stream and the episodes were just
retiring previously recorded
we got Shawn's Simona's who says thank
you for all the streams benefits of
being an older nerd remembering when
good things went on for a bit then ended
before losing all heart and soul the
perspective you guys bring by being
around my age has always been my
favorite part of prereq thanks Shawn
thank you oh hey you got it
I always hit you after you kill them
final fuck you just in case you're at
that one health point left and you lose
I kind of like it
that's great that's great
would I get an old man that I would be
defeated by a demon I have never been so
thoroughly humiliated who is that that
kind of sounds like Audrey Hepburn like
an elderly Audrey yeah Audrey Hepburn oh
hey how are you Johnny
Johnny where did you go I'm gone for old
man but it was a more old lady
the twitch channel the both the twitch
channel and the YouTube channel will
stay up I don't know how long we will
keep our partner benefits with either
yeah without any regular updates but yes
both channels will stay active for as
long as they are allowed to stay active
we won't we won't delete everything you
know we we won't we won't delete
anything at at some point twitch might
say well if you're not an active
streamer we're taking the channel down
which is fair yeah but uh yeah we're not
gonna be in much that rate what this guy
what did he do what does he do just kind
of okay I'm sure he's got some I don't
have any magic points I'm sure he
probably does something really exciting
you've got magic points but right now
sure Oh pair death oh yeah that reach
monkeys cats says Jack and rich your
streams have always been a pleasure to
listen to on my Monday mornings at work
right now in Australia thanks for all
the laughs rich what are you going to do
with all your new spare time we'll see
we'll see stuff things things done all
sorts of things that stuff Jack ever
thought about visiting Australia yes I'd
love to visit Australia I've never been
to Australia back back in the Funny or
Die days when we were one of our things
with any of the the high five videos
that we did is after the second one we
didn't really want to do them anymore we
didn't care about doing them any yeah
and so our only our only exception was
okay yeah we'll give you a high five
video if that's what you want but we
have to go somewhere we have to travel
just because we want to go places you
know and so that's why you know for the
third one or that we we might we did the
Superbowl one and we went down to
Florida
I'm Florida the armpit of America but
you know we still got to travel that was
nice and and for the the next one we did
South Africa which was fantastic and
after that we were talking to a lot of
people about oh oh he does suck oh look
at his the health yeah he totally sucks
for for the next one after after South
Africa we were talking to a lot of
people about possible high fives and all
of our ideas were like we could do high
five Japan and they're like oh we don't
really want to pay for that
okay well then sorry I know how about
high five Australia you know like just
we were we were desperately just trying
to get another mini vacation out of it
because we didn't really care about
doing them anymore and and by that time
in internet video making people had kind
of figured out that you didn't need as
big of a budget to make Internet video
as you needed to make regular videos so
so they just told us No
but but we did we did we did attempt to
to get down to Australia and it never it
never materialized
I like this they've kind of replaced all
of the separate weapons in Castlevania
with just people now there's separate
weapons too though I you know what I'm
really curious how easy the first
castlevania is as an adult now okay are
you finding this too easy
I think I'm 3/4 of the way done with the
game oh wow
according to the little map screen that
shows up well maybe they're being
generous
you know maybe they didn't they didn't
want to go they said this is a love
letter not a not a BDSM letter sucks
I'm very excited about your dead cells
is coming up yeah dead cells come at the
the final release is coming up in just
just a couple weeks yeah for for the
dead cells of fish I've been I've been
holding off like I still have the game
downloaded on Steam just so I can make
sure I get every news update every patch
update like I'm really excited about
what they're doing but I I have held off
from playing because oh that but that
seemed to eat up literally all of my
damn magic so but yeah I'm excited for
dead cells there's a lot of there's a
lot of nice-looking games coming up
I am a 420 or it says I have prereq live
playing at work to keep my PC from
locking when I'm not on it so rich we do
serve a purpose that's great a PC has a
built-in speaker that plays sound very
quietly I've had people confused about
where laughing is coming from it's rich
Evan all is quiet but that laughs love
it that's great
what a strange what a strange way to
keep your computer from locking up just
playing our videos but as we as we
discovered earlier there is you know
1600 hours of us just talking yeah which
is a lot which is a little keep your PC
from locking up for days battle that's
so much two days that's so much you know
have you have you heard of that
technology that's out there now that can
take like if there's enough recordings
of someone speaking it there's an AI
program that can actually learn how
people sound and then you can just make
them say whatever you want that's creepy
yeah it's super creepy and it's still in
the experimental money monster
it's King Knight oh he's like bleeding
coins that's great
that's great sounds fake though no it's
real it's a that is oh they have
different jump abilities - thanks that's
right it's a real thing that they're
working on in there they're trying to go
God oh that just fucks you right over
that's alright that's alright now I know
we can hit those yep yeah it's it
supposedly solves the problem of like oh
that's neat of fakes by like having kind
of a an in system watermark but as
someone who has a ton of his voice out
on the internet it is rather frightening
but they could just make me say whatever
they wanted because there's just enough
of my voice out there luckily there's
enough of my voice with like video game
music in the background yeah so it'd
probably be mostly fun
nerd smack says Sundays and Wednesdays
won't be the same
thanks dude Thank You nerd smack it
won't be the same for us either
we might actually accomplish something
with our lives it'll be weird beautiful
HOH says repeatedly reminding myself you
guys will still be around in our LM
stuff makes free rec ending more
bearable love you fucks absolutely thank
you just in case you didn't go you're
getting hit oh that's a great touch
that's a great thought to be an
achievement from not getting hit right
yeah well and I mean also though like
wouldn't that suck after you beat the
villain to die right there playing I was
kid little kid it's playing the first
castlevania with my dad okay and
remember Medusa in that game I think the
second boss I mean I remember I can
remember the look of her but now I got
the Medusa plan what my dad I had
literally one health left my fucking
father is that you're never gonna do it
yeah that's right he suffers you up just
just give up
Danny just give up start again he had
more lives just can you know what I
fucking did it Jack yeah he tough into
you up he was preparing you for real at
reality
oh you're never going to do this that's
great that's great truth is a new story
see still have tales to tell no it's
actually not I've told that story on
stream like a while ago now it doesn't
come up much yeah but I have told that
story and you know it's just hard for me
to tell because you've told me so many
stories that they often get a little
mushed so it's like it's like I'm
hearing it for the first time
let's see here true blue reviews has
rich reacting with disgust to pop
culture things Jack tells him about is
one of the moments I'll miss most about
you guys that enrich telling a chat
member to go fuck themselves for saying
something stupid I admire that you use
cynicism in moderation oh look at that
men with his fancy cape does he not have
any weapon he just uses magic well he
uses magic that just doesn't cost my
magic meter or anything though okay
oh the he's the one that can turn into a
bat yep I kind of love it that you walk
above the level when you go up and down
stairs yeah
what are you guys gonna we're not
avoiding the question vile arrow - vile
arrow - says what do you guys gonna do
next
nothing we're gonna still be part of red
letter media and best of the worst and
we have no plans for anything we're
going to do next as far as video games
or a rich and Jack show is concerned if
we decide to do something you'll know it
when you see the episode up but we have
no it's it's not avoiding the question
we just don't have anything that we're
doing if it comes to that it comes to
that button yeah right now we just we
just don't have anything that bat attack
you should always have a plan well we do
have a plan our plan is to not -
previously recorded anymore we're
winning
yet the plan ro so who says I'm so sorry
I waited this long to say this watching
y'all grow from camera less bundlers to
the single most unique livestream
channel absolutely we're number one
going out on top Jack going out on top
has brought countless hours of joy and
even though disagreements came up every
once in a while you all are both
wonderful Thank You ro so thank you very
much we just appreciate you being around
and watching us you know turn from
failing all the time to just failing
every so often thing I think we've
reached many many a milestone
captain presidents it's so sad you guys
are retiring thanks for all the
interesting discussions the world is
losing some fun and thoughtful insight
take care and best of luck in all your
future endeavors
thank you well you know hopefully you
won't really lose it it will just be you
know in the other videos that we already
make it'll still be we're not dying
we're not we're not dying and we're not
stopping everything just previously
recorded last stream Canadian pig is
going to be on Wednesday we haven't
decided exactly on what we're playing my
guess is it'll probably be a few things
though we'll probably play a few things
what but how am i damaged you maybe
you're supposed to fly over me
undamageable undamageable
weird Canadian Pig no the Canadian paper
wants to know if the old videos and
video on demand will be removed no the
channel is not going anywhere you will
still be able to watch any old video the
YouTube channel is not going anywhere
they'll all still be there oh oh the
killer frogs gotcha that's not good
Dracula's dead that's not good I'm sorry
Dracula's dead what's his name here
Bakula Bakula as dracula Bakula is
dracula in Bakula these frogs are
kicking my ass i see that you know what
you might need in this situation that
old guy with his everything yeah suck at
frogs
I just noticed now that those are
skeletons pointing those are skeletons
pointing you in the right direction you
see that oh I can't go that way
I got no Dracula ah you know what I
should just I lost and Technicolor says
hate to hear the news it's been a great
48 months for me and many other people
you guys became a part of my Wednesday
and Sunday nights Rich's Dead Rising no
death run or legendary cheers and that's
you know well you'll always have that
rich yeah you always have video proof of
your perfect not just know death run
perfect know death run you're perfect no
different because you know everyone says
no death run but it was so much more
than that
it was a perfect know that I did
everything you could do in the game
perfectly right so we'll always have
that bucket says hey guys I can
understand your situation I've been at
my job for about four years now and I
need to change departments or look for
work elsewhere thanks for all the
entertainment and good luck it happens
it does it does and it's all it's good
everything is gonna be fine like all of
the time we can do this
fine everything is gonna be fine
anonymous says hey guys thanks for
making my days really fun you guys are
the only reason I cared about games
anymore thanks for Dishonored
recommendation the paper I wrote on the
choices got an A hey nice great also
going to watch society for my first date
with someone lol my sounds like a
mistake that sounds like a joke I hope
it's a joke because from all I've heard
that would be a terrible terrible idea
but yeah you know like they're there
they're over the past four years there
have been some fine video games out
there some fine fine video games what
people are saying says yes society is a
bad idea for a first date well you know
what or is it the perfect idea for a
first date hear me out here are you
stuck
that's a dead end Oh hear me out here
you watch society which I know nothing
about only the only thing I know about
societies we've seen enough you're
supposed to watch it without knowing
anything and I can only assume it's
horrifying in some way or another right
yeah but if you are if you find out you
love society you might find that person
who also loves society how am I supposed
to go yep where's the skeletons they
tell you where to go
is there a map
as one of the buttons on that no okay
we got a heart that's nice puffy bear
maybe a fall damage that's good maybe
use your your bat to head over that
direction tank
now here we go Oh
well there you go never mind you did it
and well anyway the point is if you love
society and you find someone who equally
as disturbed as you who also loves
society it would be like a match made in
heaven right or you know like if they
don't like society you just know right
away like yeah maybe you're not my thing
no valuable information you great
oh yeah that's guys god that's yep
ah look at Jill Oh
eat it eat it
dragon head and then looks like reboot
Godzilla doesn't it uh head yeah just
the head yeah a little bit
I do like I don't know if he had the
teeth on the bottom I like that touch
that's a great looking boss great
looking dragon
AJ pimps all says want to thank you guys
again for introducing me to rocket
League gonna miss listening to you guys
in the background while I play on
Sundays lol fuck my rock at League
oh gosh Oh Oh second the second phase
all right he's not immune to that shit
wowzers well now you know oh now he's
dead fucking great well now you know now
I lost my best tool in fighting shit
ma'am
also shit pee dill says quitting
streaming one more thing both rich and
Jack are literally wrong about thanks
Pete else we appreciate it
thanks for coming out thank you
I did I grew up on a farm so it's okay
everything's excusable because I grew up
on a farm molecular Lionel this is Jack
rich thanks for all the laughs my friend
Linda wants to tell biscuit that she
loves her good luck with your future
with the future boys thank you a biscuit
is a boy cat though so she loves him
just putting that out there I know like
that's just a general thing you know
everyone assumes cats are girls but
biscuits a boy
this kid this kid is a former stud
remember he's gonna shoot his mega thing
Chris I was like one dragon mouth inside
the other dragon mouth that's awesome
yeah
nope you got it though you got the
pattern down yeah yeah you're good
you got that batter
okay he'll get it oh but no now you have
to did ya oh shit might be on my next
set of wives how far back you have to go
if you dine out all the way I don't know
I can't even reach him
you'll find a way rich life always finds
a way
rich if you had to sing a karaoke song
on the final stream which song would you
choose my heart will go on
oh you've sang many a song don't you
remember when we don't have a clip setup
done all the songs we've sang if this
were a clip show that's what would be
happening but it's not
Thanks
yeah mm-hmm
hey no no no yeah it's gonna be one more
thing where he tries to attack you I
can't move I can't move
no ha ha oh well great
no suicide attack interesting
interesting
that's right board bomber the real
reason that we're retiring previously
recorded is we've received a ridiculous
amount of funding for our audio healing
system stereo stereo stereo chromia
pathy whatever it was stereo chromatics
oh that could be it I think I think that
was it yeah stereo chromatic yeah and so
we've actually we've raised so much
money but from initial investors with
our weird audio based health system that
we're good for now from now on we don't
even need to make the actual equipment
people just like the idea so much oh I
got mimicked yep who's the most
underrated member of the wu-tang clan
I'm gonna say the RZA just cuz he's
behind the beats a lot usually you know
the the actual the lyricist get all the
love but uh you know there are not
anything without them beats speaking of
rich I know this is gonna be a really
big news for you yeah but I think it's
next month the RZA from the wu-tang clan
is coming to town uh-huh he's gonna be
in Milwaukee to do a live restoring of
an old kung fu movie it's interesting
it's gonna be awesome I'm super excited
about this I'm super excited about this
a while ago you know here in Milwaukee
we have the oriental theater that's one
of our oldest
you know it's theatres it's an art house
theater independent theater and recently
it was bought by Milwaukee film the
people who do our Milwaukee Film
Festival and they're close to reopening
it and
part of the reopening is this weirdo
live concert with the RZA that's going
to be a live rescore scoring of like I
think it's like what is it 39 fists of
the Shaolin monk or something it's it's
it's gonna be awesome it's gonna be an
event yeah I'm super excited I'm super
super excited about him
thirty-six 36th chamber of Shaolin
that's what it is so it's a yes it
sounds like exactly a jack thing to do
and I'm gonna have a great time will I
try to bullshit my way backstage
100% I will bring a camera in the hopes
that I can convince someone I'm a
blogger and just to go backstage and
shake hands with the RZA absolutely
because as kaleidoscopic puts it the
wu-tang clan they ain't nothing to fuck
with everyone knows that
ah
she's gonna insta-kill Oh interesting
yeah fight the picture on the wall
well okay that didn't work how do I
avoid that attack you can't there's no
way to dodge it
I suppose he could with his fire hey
maybe uh maybe
dirtying great looks like a chick some
of the shots and that's Dorian Gray
isn't that the thing with the painting
yeah
nope
interesting what if this is supposed to
happen or if this is a purposeful death
and you're supposed to lose all your
guys
that
nope no I ever do that again shit
Mack nope
it's weird that that would be the only
defense I wonder if you just have to
time your hit just right probably good
that's worth a shot
I think yeah you just got time you're
hit maybe the lady with the whip would
be good with that just give you a little
more distance yeah a true-blue review
says as a request on behalf of vinny
vinesauce who sub to you only last week
as an appreciation of your work and to
use your tums emote would you mind
saying something to him thank you Thank
You Vinny vine says we really appreciate
you subscribing we appreciate you know
Vinny vine sauce had us had us on his
show early on in in our streaming days
well the earliest things we did yeah we
really appreciate that
I either to thank him for for subbing or
to call Mike Love the biggest hack fraud
Mike love is absolutely the biggest hack
fraud and arguably the worst beach boy I
guess not even arguably Mike love is the
worst beach boy everyone knows that
fuck you Mike love Vinny made us the
modest failure we are today he helped he
helped make us the mediocre people we
are today thank you very much
yeah people are saying you know to try
killing the painting normally or that
you possibly are able to jump over it
when it comes to try to attack hey but
I'd say if you just you know hit it in
time Oh too slow too slow I don't think
I have enough magic to beat him with
just the old guy sure which beach boy
went mental a couple of them you're
probably thinking of Brian Wilson Brian
Wilson had a big drug problem and went a
little mental but you know he was also
the the genius behind the Beach Boys the
songwriter mm-hmm but yeah when I went a
little crazy who's them remember Pink
Floyd that had schizophrenia oh yeah
yeah no I don't know i don't i don't
know Pink Floyd that well that nope
they're saying Syd Barrett yeah he had
he actually has good young interesting
was he uh was he a writer just doesn't a
player time what was the song they made
about him oh god damn it
sorry I'm not know if they're trying to
concentrate do you think we're talking
about the initial vocalist Syd Barrett
No
now I shouldn't doing this I want I'm
gonna dumbass I'm a fucking dumbass
uh yeah yeah you gotta jump nice jump
you did it well you're only down the
lady yeah but she's the best one yeah
yeah
uh J Bojangles is every night in my
dreams I see you I feel you that is how
I know you go on far across the distance
and spaces between us you have come to
show you go on near far wherever you are
I believe that the heart does go on
incidentally was shine on you crazy
diamond shine on you crazy diamond he
wrote a wider than they wrote it was for
the band member that heads gets Freddie
I believe oh okay I just I wonder I
wonder like if his schizophrenia you
know cuz obviously Pink Floyd has a very
unique psychedelic sound
she I think he was in the band before
they were so psychedelic Oh interest
yeah very interesting
he was the crazy diamond oh wow oh I
want to say they had him when they did
the first album which sounds nothing
like anything else they ever did really
yeah very interesting
nice rich got right up in his craw so
yeah do
quints omni exes hey fellas wanted to
chime in along with everyone else to say
waste a lot of magic yep you didn't was
it worth it well you got a one-off
that's pretty nice
I wanted to chime in Quinn Sammy exes
wanted to chime in along with everyone
else to save these dreams helped me
through some times and shit but before
we got we got to sad let's remember some
of the good times like huh
well I'm sure there were some anyway
thanks genuinely Thank You Quinn some
yeah
thank you for plenty of good times had
by all
I love those guys big teeth anything any
monster that smiles with like human
looking teeth is really creepy
Ryan look at that unhuman that in human
form with it with the human teeth is
very strange that gets me
chisels best child's best girls so I
know and hate what you are a reference
to oh yeah what is that just bone dragon
things from the original Castlevania oh
well there you go they say see you space
cowboy and gave us a very generous oh
thank you
child's best girl we really do it for
you so you gotten a few tonight and I I
am touched it's nice nice to be loved I
mean but also it's not super surprising
because we are the top streaming channel
on twitch right uh-huh
so let's just keep keep a little
perspective and the guy who likes bad
movies we appreciate you tip Thank You
Wes columns waist West kosis thanks for
the stream I will always hate fury road
thanks miss Ghost I don't get it I just
like that's what like yeah it harding
message like listen thanks guys
everything was great but i just just
want to make sure you know i hated fury
road listen there's a we have a
complicated relationship
I've liked a lot of you but I'm marking
that marking that part
so this is the last time you're gonna
stream though a Wednesday we'll be back
Wednesday nights at least they don't
respond will be like back oh my god
that's terrible
No
we'll be back Wednesday night we don't
know what we're gonna play yet but that
will be our official final stream well
fine I know this is all very last minute
and we didn't want to fuck you guys
completely over and as last tonight as
the last fuck you yeah yeah we're gonna
play a new game
we should have another stream and play
something that you guys actually enjoy
watching we'll do a little pub G maybe
some Friday the 13th who knows who we
have ideas we have some ideas greedy you
did you did
you've ruined it
jaysus 5:8 a2s is honest to god dream i
had the other night rich and Jack were
playing some kind of VR game where
you're riding a gondola through some
catacombs being chased by Vladimir Putin
that I you know I I'm sorry that's not
that sounds like a horrible dream
oh my god yeah this is not gonna be easy
it does not look easy
seems like the decision to end was kind
of sudden it was kind of sudden but it's
I think the feelings worked yeah and I
think that's the real thing it's it's
kind of been in the back of both of our
minds for a while now and we just
decided to talk about it today which is
why it's rather sudden but
yeah
no Nikolas the digger we we talked about
this a little bit earlier but mostly
it's just we feel like we're we've been
doing this long enough where we've kind
of run out of things to talk about we
feel like we've run out of stories to
tell we you know ran out of enthusiasm
there's there's just a lot that we don't
you know we feel I I feel like I feel
like we are not giving you guys the the
the best product that we can and so
rather than get to a point where
streaming becomes a chore and something
that we're not looking forward to we're
gonna end it while we still enjoy it
we're gonna end it while we're still
having fun and so we can look back on it
fondly and you know hopefully you as an
audience can remember you just killed
yourself now yeah hopefully use an
audience can also you know remember the
streams fondly we don't want to get to
that point where rich and I are going
through the motions and slogging through
it I hope rich and Jack are still free
it's nothing weird like that
she's asking when the next game night
he's going to have his hole this right
oh did you just find out how to cheese
it oh except for now you don't get the
magic or as much magic
a blip
Thank You fractals 3 or 4 thanks for
coming back
we always appreciate it
group
oh cool what are we having gaming no no
no you can't come I'm sorry you can't go
that's a very interesting enemy like a
like a skeleton peacock
you
Guu
are we ending the YouTube channel as
well as just the streaming both I mean
you know and as we discussed earlier
both will still be there like we're not
closing down any of the channels but ya
know we at where we're retiring
previously recorded as a whole which
means no more streaming and no more
reviews what are you supposed to do
against that die well
died
zurk boyish muck you can duck the wind
but there was also an electric volts
it's windy in general in the levels so
it's like rich it was moving without
moving there and so there's an electric
bulb behind him so you can duck the wind
but then he can't move to not get zapped
by the electric bolts which zapped him
causing him to stand up and then the
wind carried in the way that was that
was a fucked up in me
oh they're saying you can destroy those
yeah
now
that makes it slightly easier
now rich oh so close
so far away you're learning valuable
lessons though I am but I think all too
late yeah you only have two more lines
left button you might be able to do it
uhh radioactive mud no no new project
that we're working on necessarily just
if something comes up it'll come up if
it doesn't it doesn't obviously we will
both still be here for other red letter
media stop fest to the worst that sort
of thing
our victim we've already been through
Project Hornet and what it is and what
it's all about I think there's a hack
Bob for Project Hornet so someone hacked
about that up
I still to me with diet jack yesterday
were today still doing the diet the lost
a good amount of weight and pretty happy
with it had a had a bit of an off week
last week but overall still down still
going to still going in a positive
directions Iowans thanks for asking
oh and you know the reason we called it
project hornet is because much like much
like this thing the controller itself
kind of looked like a like a hornet but
you know like the butt of a bee and so
that's why we were calling it project
hornet just because that's kind of how
it looks that was not necessarily the
final name but uh alright wait is there
a way you can get on the other side of
him when he does then can you jump over
him otherwise I don't know if there is a
way to avoid that yeah
yes captain chowder there will be there
will be more Christian Bale Batman
videos because those I can make any time
don't you worry about that
I prefer bee but has the name
oh they're saying you can jump over him
but you have to be really careful
because the wind is blowing itself is
there a better way to avoid that
I guess Dracula can fly over all right
don't forget your ultimate cheese
so every Sunday and Wednesday we can
expect a new Batman episode now that you
have all that free time thanks dreamer
TK of course absolutely it'll be right
there with the new planket reviews so
lately captain president says hey Jack I
recall you liking the board game
betrayal at house on the hill just
tipping to let you know there will be a
legacy version of it this November and
when the legacy campaigns end you will
have a game with over 40 playable
scenarios that sounds great that sounds
great yeah I really like betrayal on
house on the hill that's we we have a
few games that we really like kind of
showing off to people and betrayal it at
house on the hill is one of those that
that is really fun for for people who
might not be into kind of newer board
games like shit
hey nice like people who you know are
used to playing Monopoly or Candyland or
life or you know the older board games
risk if the trail outhouse on the hill
is one of those great ones to show to
show them it's like oh this is kind of
what a new game can be in there it's
always really exciting it's always
interesting the trailhead house in the
hell like that and Mysterium mysterium
is always a crowd-pleaser mysterium is
that the game where your psychics and
you have to solve Oh
hitting them oh you have to solve a
murder using psychic powers how was he
supposed to know that
almost killed me where the suus yes ak
holy FARC this is it maybe I guess there
could be more how many stages are there
of this what time are we up we're at
9:40 yah okay so we're getting we're
getting close
ish to that four hour mark close to ish
you got lucky to switch characters and
time you absolutely did
well once I noticed what was going down
there saying after this there are two
more levels okay I don't think we're
gonna finish it that's all right
get as far as you want get through some
more tips here Josie they don't Joan see
they don't says dear rich and jacket has
been a great pleasure watching the
streams these last few years this was
another way for me to bond with my
girlfriend it sucks that this is ending
prereq was going to be part of my
proposal good luck and see you around
sorry Jonesy they done Hunchback Jackson
hey guys I've been listening to today's
stream while repairing my garden
sprinklers sometimes it's what you guys
do with your time I think it's great am
fixing my PC hey I'm working hey I'm
hanging out with my girlfriend now I'm
repairing my garden sprinklers very
interesting and everything has gone
wrong oh sorry about that how much Bank
Jack if only you had done an or
irrigation maintenance stream at some
point I wouldn't have this problem
oh well too late now thanks anyway Thank
You Hunchback Jack we appreciate it
pairing garden sprinklers look look at
this color by the way that's this one's
kind of ugly it's ugly but it you know
what it is it is bold yeah you know for
sure what a platform is man yeah that is
some bold color direction
Jack tell me how horrible it is to have
children your entire life changes any
priority you thought you had is done I'd
say don't do it but it sounds like it's
too late and like that's a bad that's
you know a lot of people will see that
as a bad thing you know the good part of
it is you get children and if you want
children it's a good thing but literally
your entire life changes nothing will be
the same ever and then when you have two
of them it gets even worse why did you
do that because I wanted kids and I'd
like having kids there are some very
positive aspects to having kids and you
know this is something I think I've
talked about on stream but if not hey
here's here's a story about being kids
that you know I was really excited to
have kids of olive I've always wanted to
have kids but that first year of having
a child I was woefully unprepared for
just the amount it took out of me
physically and mentally I was not ready
for and I offered creatively and
business leave from it because like it
was just hard to do or make anything
because having a kid is so tough I'm now
at a point where I really enjoy having
children and we're having a great time
teaching them things leaving the world a
better place hopefully make your
children not have dickheads there not be
dickheads that's how it works that's
that's the whole idea but a swish in
time he popped up yeah I want to switch
to the old dude do use a shield yep yep
well you've teach your children that's
on the Sun right oh it's terrible but uh
okay aunt you think I'm done okay you
got pretty far
yes shockingly far let's see here
Wednesday we'll be back when finalists I
know probably sounded beavis says but
you guys were supposed to stream into
your elderly ears and be as passionate
as Harrison Ford in the force awakens or
Kingdom of the Crystal Skull that was
exactly the plan yeah that was exactly
the plan Tomcat 2096 is I thought you
guys were gonna have a Batman and
Catwoman marriage countdown there was a
couple of streams ago so maybe they've
already divorced they never got hitched
then we had the countdown it was at zero
days and then the issue where they were
supposed to get married they actually
never got married so call then thanks
for the good years of all so are you
gonna have another web of shadow stream
nope nope or not das a clown Stein says
it's been a few months since I've been
able to catch a stream so when I saw the
note notification that you were
streaming tonight I thought to myself
those bastards are still at it it's not
anymore thanks for a few good years of
laughs boys Thank You desk lounge time
Johnny see goods has just subbed this
month and have enjoyed the show for a
while thanks for all the entertainment
can't wait to see your new work I'm
watching - I'm watching the stream for
the first time with my girlfriend Anna
please say hello Anna
hello Anna welcome to the stream we
appreciate you guys coming by and then
we're caught up so now is the point of
the stream in which we think
all of you lovely people who have
subscribed to us during this very sure
we appreciate you also very guy it's
really shit it is true I want to turn
turn that off yeah and then I'll go over
here trying out - the music's playing I
think oh shit here just
oh it has a little it has a little
exiting the game music did you hear that
yeah beep okay so this is the phone
where we thank all of you people who
have subscribed to us much like Dexter
sinister thank you we really appreciate
it
Stryker one one two one 438
motherfucking months in a row
who says thanks for the good times boys
welcome madryn you know I'm just gonna
give everybody a motherfuckin a40
motherfucking months in a row
no mama guns up for 14 motherfucking
months in a row a fluffy mobius for 35
motherfucking months in a row who says
as a viewer since Mike playing don't
shit your pants thanks for all fun times
dude fizzle be for 12 motherfucking
months in the row says heck frauds moo
skardu for 5 motherfucking months in a
row this is only 5 months do I know how
to pick em or what
thank you we appreciate it so much takes
more for 0 motherfucking crane hand
Christ for 14 motherfucking months in a
row who says up frowny face grind sting
for 18 motherfucking most of the row
says sad to see previously recorded go
but look forward whatever you do next
Crisis Core 14 for two motherfucking
months in a row future future J 411
motherfucking months in a row says thank
you for the years you've spent here they
were always enjoyed thank you thank you
oh dear voice for four motherfucking
months in a row he says don't leave us
uncle rich and other guy how I'll know
how I'll know your
new venture brothers that's historically
been good I'm sure it'll be good a bead
up for two motherfucking months in a row
snoop master 24/7 motherfucking months
in a row who says hey guys sad to see
it's the last room I was wondering how
you would rank Zach Galifianakis Joker
from the Lego Batman movie among the
rest of the Joker's in theatrical Batman
movies I think he brought a lot of
weight and sensitivity to the character
I didn't even know that was that
Galifianakis be honest with you
such an odd version of the Joker I don't
know how I can rank it was weird
self-aware the personalities quite not
well I guess the Joker is pretty much
Joker that Batman is definitely not
Batman it's good if it's a fun Batman
notice that it's not the Bruce Wayne we
all know it's hard to rank it because
it's clearly a comedy ya know like they
weren't necessarily going for a specific
characteristic it was just comedy sake
so like it's hard for me to even think
of that as a Joker
you know yeah yeah yeah kind of I was
good it's like it's like ranking like in
that one episode remember the old show
birds of prey yeah like the the female
super DC superheroes shudders Oracle and
I don't know it wasn't someone else but
in one of those episodes Barbara Gordon
has a flashback to when she was shot by
the Joker yeah and this kind of faceless
Joker thing goes in there and actually
like I think they use is like a Mark
Hamill laughs yeah but it's it so it's
like that be like ranking that Joker
amongst all the other Joker's Black
Canary Thank You Chad you've come
through again always your Bali form one
motherfucking month in a row
Jim docks for one motherfucking months
in a row darkest 420 motherfucking
months neuroses who wins a game of chess
between Osama
bush osama because bush lost the twin
towers
there's no towers in chess board bio
it's the best response jack gentlemen
bears for 16 motherfucking months in a
row who says i almost made it to having
you say fucking with my anniversary
he did say logic you lations say 'la
fucking v my friend guess can't prime
for 4 motherfucking months in a row uh
turd smuggler 44 for 14 motherfucking
months in a row who says jack i
rewatched the entire jurassic park
series recently to as meteor occur as
Jurassic Park 3 was yeah that talking
Raptor was grade-a schlock l absolutely
it was not in a bad way it was just
locks lock keep it up you hacks thank
you turd smoke oh that's that's that's
the thing is like after the first
Jurassic Park and even parts of the
first Jurassic Park are pure shock
Spielberg of course elevates it a bit
but all like there is schlock throughout
that entire series and so once he gets a
Jurassic world it's all part of the same
goop yeah as far as I'm concerned the
Raptors talking to each other the the
the uneven bars to dropkick the Raptor
in in lost world if there's some there's
some garbage in there good old garbage
and and it's just as bad as the
Velociraptor given a fist bump to the
t-rex at the end of Jurassic world yeah
after they take down the in size a soros
indominus right that's it in the
indominus rex it's all schlock turd
smuggler guy qug anger v4 one
motherfucking months in a row watch back
jack for 38 motherfucking months in a
row says after 38 months i'm sad to see
you close it down but wish you luck and
whatever you do
next a fun fun time was had by all of us
in chat and we thank you you all thank
you
Titus 84 for 22 motherfucking months in
a row
barking Burrell for 12 motherfucking
months in a row spacial Lama for six
motherfucking months in a row who says F
peep are four five motherfucking months
a neurosis has have this free money
thank you we'll take it Nate the
adequate for one motherfucking month in
a row jr. bacon fat kid for two
motherfucking months in a row what's
says after resetting late so many times
over the past years it's finally been
two whole months in a row too bad I'll
never get a fucking in front of my
months in a row will you oh well it's
been fun jack never forget to install
lock-on targeting when I didn't get for
those who don't understand when I first
played frog fractions I didn't
understand that lock-on targeting was
just a joke so instead of doing the
thing I kept on installing and
uninstalling like on targeting sometimes
fun times trickster for one
motherfucking months in a row a job 26
for zero once in a room machine gun funk
for 27 motherfucking months in a row who
says assuming this isn't a joke it's
it's not I'm super bummed to see you go
honestly it wasn't here for the games
just listening to you shoot this shit
any chance for an rlm podcast in the
future no idea what the future holds
that's true scary the future it's past
it's also scary scary
inevitable in the present scary because
you're constantly haunted by the past
and you never know what the future is
it's all scary that's true
you monster for 40 motherfucking months
in her own queen of the One Ring for 16
motherfucking ones in a row who says
shooing I think so I think so a shoeing
my usual prime shill since you are
leaving tips for a Tommy why sue the
room viewing party just enjoy the movie
and you know try to try not to don't
worry don't get worried about like
whatever rituals some people might do
during screenings just the movies funny
on its own merits just enjoy it
exactly yeah that's what I was just
gonna say try not to make too many jokes
like we're supposed to throw the spoons
here I've read don't just just watch
enjoy the movie and make jokes buddy
yeah
and you know when you're when you're in
a viewing like that leave room for other
people to make jokes to it's not just
about you it's about everybody PS good
luck and we'll be here if you ever
decide to come back thank you Karina
there aren't one ring a clockwork stolen
for 45 motherfucking months in a row God
likes a liar for zero motherfucking
months in a row Samuel winters for one
motherfucking month in a row absorbs
quickly for zero motherfucking months in
a row Linda was taken for 46
motherfucking months roses any new
future content plans you have one more
stream well that's the I mean that's
true that's a future content plan so we
got that going for us
that's a penny for 21 motherfucking
months in a row a cos e 99 for 23
motherfucking months in a rose whoo 23
months sagon 1 to 2 0 for 42
motherfucking months in a row
chicken beer or pork services for 11
motherfucking months in a row says just
finished watching the new Ken Burns
stock in Vietnam good stuff check it out
he's a fine documentarian also that's
chicken beef or pork services where I
say you said chicken beer or pork
chicken beef or pork service which by
the way I think chicken beer works or
you know they'll be tasty but different
thing
chicken Mick buttocks for 22
motherfucking months in a row she's dick
- for two motherfucking months in a row
drago 34 first six motherfucking months
in a row who says i just recently
started to remember - rescrub
we subscribe with prime thanks for all
the last PS thanks for introducing me to
XCOM and FTL rich no problem fine games
McGregor 23 for two motherfucking months
and Rosa's not angry with your stream
life choices just disappointed ah all
the best for future endeavors
PS Briggs it means Briggs n' okay
usually a word means a word yes dr.
guter hooter hanker for 32 motherfucking
months in a row says hey hey never got
unfucked so I'll soon be um what's what
are the tears again clay don't wanted
for 18 motherfucking months in a row
Stix Vaughn Carsten for zero months
motherfucking months in a row finder for
zero motherfucking months in a row
bucket for one motherfucking month in a
row
yellow contend ready for nine
motherfucking months and roses all the
best retreat to hibernate for zero
motherfucking months in a row Magnus PU
for 42 motherfucking months in a row
chester cragwitch for 22 motherfucking
months in a row monkey foot 8 4 4
motherfucking monster neurosis 4 months
for the second time and it's the last
dream i'll be able to see sad to see you
guys go thank you for being there
thank you for being here and watching
while you did Alec station for 22
motherfucking months in a row
who says you guys won't be streaming
anymore because it's getting repetitive
it's your job to be repetitive your job
your job is repetitiveness
repetitiveness is your job Simpsons
reference I understand that Jesus 582
for two motherfucking months in a row
says it's my two-month anniversary I'm
sorry to hear you're closing up shop I
appreciate all you guys have done did
you guys see the Titans fan I mean
trailer hopefully you heard me talk
about that earlier but it's a super hot
mess and I really hope that whoever's in
charge of that show like something bad
happens to them on the business side of
things like whoever greenlit robbing
murdering people and saying fuck Batman
yeah
that person needs to be demoted at least
that's it was it looks terrible it looks
like every joke that everyone has ever
made about the DC dark universe do you
see man
they don't got their shit together they
just don't have their shit together well
if you want a good laugh watch it the
Titans the Titans trailer for their new
show on the DC whatever network DC
monthly subscription thing it's gonna be
great it's gonna be it's gonna be a mess
it's gonna be great P Dill's 411
motherfucking months in a row says I
call the two Canadians large Colin and
small Colin because I can't remember the
other guy's name oh they said :
large : and small : because I can't
Rover the other guy's name which one is
: same Lincoln for 0 motherfucking
months in a row TJ combo uppercut for 0
motherfucking months in a row subsonic
Bell for 14 motherfucking months in a
row vs. thanks for all the good times
you're welcome
is a kurios for 3 motherfucking months
in a row who says sorry to hear you guys
are closing shop I always gave you guys
and your videos 40 out of 42 gay kisses
but first that's the highest compliment
I've ever gotten so thank you you and
your unique perspective on games will be
sorely missed
thank you for there you go we have too
many cutscenes not enough gay kisses
rich hated it
boom done Rochelle 87 446
motherfucking monster OSes ray preten
deer 419 motherfucking months in a row
who says couldn't get to 20 almost Chris
X right for two motherfucking months in
a row says a Rupert's dog boy for 19
motherfucking months in a row who says
now I'll never get to see rich play
checkers on stream again it was fun
thanks guys remember that in the early
days yeah we couldn't think of anything
to play then I can't play checkers and
it just played checkers that's great
Texas piss handler for 8 motherfucking
months in a row
clone 27 27 for 28 motherfucking months
in a row who says didn't you guys just
get a new machine for streaming yeah
I'll have to throw in the garbage right
in the garbage mud smack for one
motherfucking month in a row we
obviously can't use it anymore I know
it's a useless it's completely you can't
do anything else with it that's true
ah phoof Deckman 4 0 motherfucking
months in a row Juan Valdez my hero for
one motherfucking month in a row sleepy
brown bear for 12 motherfucking months
in a row who says what is that feeling
when you're driving away from people and
they proceed on the pain till you see
the what plane look at the plane wait
hold on what is that feeling when you're
driving away from people and they recede
on the plane till you see their specs
disappearing it's the two huge world
vaulting us and it's goodbye but we lean
forward to the next crazy venture
beneath the skies thank you
dr. Lou it up for two motherfucking
months in a row
I'm decided sorry I garbled that it
seemed beautiful jabo jingles for four
motherfucking months in a row says I
love you rich
xoxo I love you jack xoxo the future is
bright sausage toes for 43 motherfucking
months in a row says no one else on
Twitch I'd rather watch we appreciate
your time
hell night 86 for two motherfucking
months in a row because movie for 30
motherfucking months in a row says damn
I finally reached 30 months and they're
going off the air I guess all I have to
say is so long and thanks for all the
fish praise breehn praise brain if it's
one contribution that the chat Oh God
needs to feel proud of Neal Breen it was
because of you that we know of Neal
Breen
praise the brain you chat are who
facilitated the brain we are we are
forever grateful
the last hummus for 10 motherfucking
months in row who says thanks for all
the entertainment my favorite moments
were Jack's PC build riches Dead Rising
spit death and all the text adventures
dreams thanks waiting Denning for 32
motherfucking months in a row mister I
love the ants for eight motherfucking
months in a row who says fuck Batman
Jonesy they don't verse zero
motherfucking months in a row so angry
oh fuck Batman dust clown Stein for one
was a fucking munch in a row
Boyle 871 411 motherfucking Westeros has
not been able to sub the whole time but
I've been here from the beginning
genuinely gutted you are stopping but
understand your reasons good luck for
the future thank you thanks for hanging
out Doyle neon Hall for zero months
motherfucking months in a row
squirtle 322 4-0 fucking mutts
motherfucking months in a room we're
losing it rich I know it's time to call
it quits tension 98 for one
motherfucking month in a row
gruff military for 31 motherfucking
let's arrow says thanks very much for
all the great hours of entertainment
frog fractions Friday 13th perfect Dead
Rising so many great moments I doubt you
guys know how much good you've actually
done for some of us and how much good
you guys did for us we we appreciate all
of the love and support you've given us
throughout the years
100% Thomas M oiy
for one motherfucking months in a row
toaster mints for one motherfucking
month in a row Eugene bowtie for 28
motherfucking months in a row says
thanks for all the great memories jars
crust for 29 motherfucking months in a
row says thanks so much much love from
Vietnam jars crust that's great
phantom tollbooth for one motherfucking
month in a row jolly denialist for eight
motherfucking months in a row
doctor space plasma for four
motherfucking months in row who says
finally felt like hitting that button
huzzah pushing the pushing all the
buttons these are J hooker for 47
motherfucking once in a row damn almost
made it to four years oh well better
luck next time
wish you all the best Theodore J hooker
for 47 goddamn motherfucking once in a
row ceremonially 48 months Wow rich
doesn't do that just for anyone smut
skull for zero motherfucking months in a
row crap 23 a 5 motherfucking months in
a row
Jones Ramones for zero
motherfucking months in a rose lovely
race car for one motherfucking month our
own Imperial loyalists for zero
motherfucking months in a row quote SSB
and quote SSB for zero motherfucking
months in a row thank you for
subscribing we we really appreciate it
it's true it's absolutely true we really
do thank you
