Does Whatever a Miserable Middle Aged Man Can (pt 1)
June 25, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9wkEgysQAU

hey rich yeah I saw someone subscribed
before I turn down the torture the
voodoo mama Gonza okay well you said
their name something googly mama Ganza
has subscribed to us for if you did turn
on the swatches oh I did turn it on but
I saw that they subscribe before that
how's everyone doing hey everybody we're
here today on a Monday I have a game
rich really wanted to play spider-man
web of shadows how an you're able to
play this on PC you purchased this
before they removed it from all pcs yeah
I tracked it down mm-hmm I I saw a
vision of the future of console gaming
mm-hmm you know how much used copies of
will not use I'm sorry I'm sorry because
you did they here here's the downside of
the digital download right yeah you
can't do used that's right
do you know how much you get you can
still you can still like you activate
old keys that haven't been used yeah for
this game and you can't sell old ones so
you know how much an unused key for this
game is going for I mean I'm guessing
brand-new prices like 50 60 bucks try a
hundred you can find this game on PC for
about a hundred dollars if you don't
know but legitimately if you're looking
with you you want a legitimate copy yeah
yeah yeah you can find an unavailing key
for this game for about a hundred bucks
oh man
and I'm thinking once once the consoles
finally get their digital stores and
once they finally as they want to do get
rid of the discs because they hate Game
Stop they hate these games yeah that's
the future of console gaming yeah you
can't track down an old copy of a game
from from last gen on your last gen
system anymore because you know
Microsoft doesn't give a shit about the
last gen they're moving on it's not
gonna be downloadable from their store
anymore you're gonna track down some of
the old key yeah for a hundred bucks to
play a seven-year-old game yeah yeah
yeah I I totally agree would you like
some more news to stoke
the the videogame prepper in you yeah
this was this was a story shared with me
that I I thought this is exactly what
rich needs to know to to double down on
on the awful state of DRM okay yeah so
let's say this is a very small community
and a very specific example but let's
say you really like the game Metal Gear
Rising revengeance yeah and let's say
the only way the only computer you can
game on is here is your Apple computer
is your Mac computer huh so now let's
say you bought Metal Gear Rising
revengeance on your Mac computer and
today this very day you say help you
know what I'm feeling like I'm feeling
like a little metal gear revengeance
yeah
oh you can't yeah even if you bought it
really really even if you bought it and
even if it's still downloaded on your
Apple computer oh my god because rich
the company that was in charge of its
DRM has gone out of business GOG support
GOG everybody and so even if you still
have the game downloaded to your
computer it is unable to make the DRM
handshake with the company because the
company went out of business and so you
are unable to play something you have
purchased obviously we're talking about
a very small market here you know Apple
Mac gaming uh-huh Metal Gear Rising
revengeance someone shared the story if
you go to VG 24/7 dot-com they're
reporting this story yeah and erm dear
there's no possible downside if you're a
consumer you should not support this you
should not be a fan of DRM I think Doom
has that one of those companies so you
know someday doom 2016 will be
unplayable because it needs a digital
handshake yeah yeah that's very populous
unless you could find a pirated version
well the so but
that's that's the situation here is
people who have rightfully purchased
this game can't play they're rightfully
purchased version and so they had
they're forced to pirate see I have seen
this coming
yeah I saw this coming decades ago this
is one of the reason I'm kind of okay
with piracy under certain situations
under certain situations you know under
certain situations it's it is justified
absolutely so I yeah I saw that story
and I said oh rich is gonna rich is
gonna want to hear about this and that's
I'm just gonna say it's finally happened
well well right this this is the first
example that I know that I've that I've
ever heard of yet at this point decades
ago was the year 2000 alright and dragon
Dora this is not the first time that
I've said that piracy is okay under
certain circumstances I've also given
concessions here or there when it comes
to preserving games that would be lost a
time when it when it concerns mobs and
you know artistic development of certain
tools I think piracy has a place but
let's be honest most people pirate just
steal so
I like this game yeah terrible
spider-man but it gets agitated
Oh is he's like yelling it yeah oh
alright well this is the flash-forward
opening oh yeah
okay alright
there's Jack hi horsing this early in
the stream 24/7 my friend 24/7 what do
you need what do you need how high you
want me to get that horse cuz I can I
can get pretty dang high I like
everything in this game except for
Spidey's agitated voice acting who does
the voice you know I don't know because
I was some guy who's never done the
voice since before since sure sure
because I think in in preparation I was
playing a little shattered Dimensions
which is the spider-man game I've never
played with yeah nothing good I I you
know what I just got through the
tutorial I just I just don't give a shit
about higher spider-man Spidey just give
me Peter Parker man who is that which
the lady spray Jane
really
yeah just Mary Jane hanging out with
Luke Cage with a shotgun perfectly
normal
this is basically it basically turns
into a zombie game oh yeah yeah I saw
though like though the white things you
were fighting
but I just got through the tutorial
level noir spider-man actually has some
some neat you know very very Arkham
style stealth stuff happening and I love
the outfit I love the new art noir
spider-man's outfit it's such a cool
look I think like the leather jacket
that's got the double what do you call
that when it's got two rows of buttons
double-breasted yeah the double breasted
leather jacket the goggles that's such a
fucking cool look you are I've never
read a newer spider-man book I'm gonna
play spider-man game I want to play as
spider-man not some weird-ass version of
spider-man I want them all I don't want
to play as punk-rock spider-man that's
an ugly outfit yeah I want to play as
spider-man admittedly punk-rock
spider-man is a super ugly outfit so you
get Symbian suit spider-man and he's
he's a bit more brute force sure yeah
then the other the other costume even
slightly slightly different playstyles
of course of course well I got all hyped
up you said you wanted to play this we
were talking yesterday and you said you
wanted to play this game and yeah and so
you know I was I was going through
shattered Dimensions like oh yeah maybe
we can do that too I was watching all
the all the spider-man gameplay footage
from e3 like you know there open-world
stuff it looks so fucking cool I'm just
getting I'm getting very hyped for
spider-man
which is a mistake because we're like
two and a half months away yeah so I
need to cool mind other than other than
the costume yeah and mostly just the
white spider on the costume other than
that right it looks good I that's the
thing I'm getting but I I can't get
hyped because it's too far away you know
like I gotta I just gotta cool my Jets
on the hype just because it's too far
away it's just it's probably the best
game rendering of Spidey's masks yeah in
any of the games well and like they went
out of their way during the demos
because you know it was the e3 demos to
talk
like how you can change costumes and you
know like oh you're your upgrades will
go with your costume changes and you
just fight a couple of bad guys and you
get points and you can buy new costumes
you know in-game not like not like loot
boxes or anything which is good so
that's really nice but
hold on one more let's go you're gonna
be fine I love my present so you can
change costumes anytime
yep try and land on the damn ambulance I
don't have to just want to oh fuck
denied no it's slowed down because it
turned I almost had it
yep well it's too damn late now I know
the ambulance was taunting me I never
played the old of it's part of my game
yeah that's pretty good
what are those webs attachment do look
in every other game except for
spider-man 2 they had they attached to
nothing the gang war MJ was getting her
arm in a cast and I was feeling lousy
for not being by her side but if she
knew I was ignoring what was going on in
the streets
the animation for this game is so bad oh
no spreading this great web swinging
I love Spidey's animations in this
it's change wait
what
hey back how's it going everybody let's
go fine great
hey Luke Cage yeah okay so where were we
spider-man yeah oh you know what I think
I was excited about act I wanted to look
up I think in shattered dimension it's
my favorite spider-man which is
Christian Barnes he did the voice of
spider-man in the 90s cartoon uh and oh
I always liked his voice yeah you unit
you're just not a fan of that one like
what you want yeah I'll give a shit I do
one I do too I will three I do
spider-man Neil Patrick Harris yes the
the MTV 3d spider-man cartoon by the
same people who did reboot you oh no
he's great he is he's great all right
Christopher Christopher Daniel Barnes is
Spider Man Noir okay so I was right
about that and then Neil Patrick Harris
plays the regular the voice of regular
Spider Man and shattered Dimensions but
Christian Barnes has always been like
that's when when I read the comics it's
his voice that I hear but you know I
don't I don't have a voice I hear for
spider-man you don't have it you don't
have the Spidey's voice in your head no
for Batman it's clearly Kevin Conroy
clearly clearly I don't have an
absolutely definitive spider-man though
what I'm just thinking about Kevin
Conroy yeah it's clearly it's just
clearly okay
what what what
Jack hears voices I do Maxim spider I
know nothing's happening
don't worry everything's fine
everything's very Crom uhland all the
time
get out of here yeah yeah yeah instead
of a bitch yeah yeah
you see there's a there's a there's a
thing right there that you could put
your face into no you gotta lean in all
the way in here lean in hello hey look
who it is oh my god playing the
spider-man plants vitamin we're snuggle
buddies now we got to share a microphone
yeah oh yeah as long as we're snuggle
buddies it's okay it's a little bit
weird hello everybody I'm a little bit
uncomfortable
oh this well you're sitting over there -
I know
that's how uncomfortable I am with this
it sounds like you need to get over yeah
what the hell man come on buddy's
insecure boom be secure enough in your
masculinity man well I'm flying out soon
I thought it yeah I didn't say hello
well hi yeah I was giving her something
Becker what so yeah I'm just picking up
the luggage and we're gonna do something
the flight keeps getting delayed so okay
okay
is it is there a blizzard in Canada no
it's the summer but I just assumed
there's a place this same weather system
is where man no I don't know where the
plane is coming that happened to Jim
yesterday too
going on say hi I just saved somebody
from an exploding car what okay you can
talk about it in detail as you walk away
from the microphone same time same bat
Channel buh-bye
well that was great that was a surprise
well wait how did the stretcher get
there well it's just in front of the
damn hospital there's just a stretcher
out in front of the hospital they're
waiting they're waiting somebody there's
so much gang violence they're just
waiting for it oh that is just like
that's just one like medical interns job
is just to wait outside for spider-man
the driver right right that's actually a
little disturbing special guest sir we
didn't even know we were gonna get a
special guest today how exciting see
that's disturbing
what oh he's just murdering people they
actually did this game come out first
this or witch or shadow dimensions oh
this came out I think this came out
first yeah they actually address it in
shattered Dimensions you know in one of
the two you know the first fighting
tutorial you specifically knock someone
off of a building yeah and they get
transported to a they they get saved by
a by Madame web like they get
transported in Madame web says ah you
can't you know try not to be so brutal
I'll save any if you shoot him off a
building all right but they brought it
back in the new spider-man game or you
can just straight-up knock people off
buildings
I love that
maybe maybe spider-man on the ps4 game
just murders it's possible it's very
possible
whoa yes I have my webs it into enemy
ability yet oh sure I dig this animation
so another chap is saying they hate the
animation in this oh I don't get it look
at it look look I love it it's very like
you can tell they were taking
inspiration from the comic books oh my
god oh my god that is that's a little
bit that's a little bit disorienting
right I think what you've just shown
there is the major problem that will
occur in any single spider-man game yeah
how do you make someone so acrobatic and
have a camera that works I think you
shouldn't do violent camera changes oh
sure zoom out a bit and have the camera
move slower
how you know like how can you control
that and make sure that the player sees
everything they need to see I think
that's gonna be a problem in any
spider-man game no matter what
people are saying they were they were
mad at the cutscene animation not
necessarily oh well who gives a shit
about the ad come on bye look Uncharted
look the cutscene animation is very
impressive it's very important it's very
more important than the game stories
fucking fucking Naughty Dog fans they're
everywhere rich be careful they're
everywhere here there's no stopping them
there's no stopping them whatsoever
do-do-do-do-do hey rich yeah it says
croc 23 a console makers must truly have
their backs against the wall because
there is a rumor on a bunch of tech
websites today about Microsoft
partnering with Razer to get keyboard
and mouse support going on the Xbox oh
hey I'm done with that I'm down with I
mean like that's just more accessibility
in general did you see the the the video
for the big the the super accessible
Xbox controller that they're working on
no I mean super accessible it's it's
this crate is it looks like basically it
looks like a rectangle with giant
buttons on it this doesn't sound very
accessible wait for it and it's a
completely programmable controller input
that you can plug at all sorts of
different devices into and so like you
know for example if you lost an arm or
something and you need a special paddle
okay for a button it can plug into the
controller that kind of excess that kind
of accessibility yes or you know like
for people who are paraplegic you know
if you have to use your neck for the the
d-pad or something yeah bad you can plug
all sorts of accessories into this
controller and so it's basically a
universal adapter for any game input I
thought that was so neat I hope it comes
you know I hope it's also available like
on PC
because where else all these gamers with
accessibility needs are gonna need to
buy Xboxes and then they're gonna be
disappointed well typically because of
Microsoft and Windows you can use the
Xbox junk exam the PC exactly why is
Luke a so giant because he's Luke a cage
and remember her spider-man's not a big
dude even grownup spider-man I'm pretty
sure his average 510 according to the
Marvel Handbook
he's 510 so what is that what is that on
average is that shorter or is that
perfectly average perfect they
deliberately picked the most average
height available he's the ever man and
Luke Cage is giant and muscling so yes
that makes sense
yeah Xbox Xbox is making a lot of good
decisions mostly because they are behind
as far as what they're doing you know
they're doing a lot of good
cross-platform stuff you know if you're
a fortnight player yeah and you're on
Xbox you can play with people on the
switch
the same with Minecraft they just did a
big minecraft crossover where if you do
multiplayer minecraft the the switch and
the Xbox one can talk to each other yeah
and that's very exciting this is not a
decision that Xbox would have made had
they been leader and we know that to be
true because PlayStation is not playing
with others right right PlayStation is
not allowing any sort of cross play with
with their fortnight or whatnot because
they don't need to they're on top if you
want to show the controller oh thanks
colonel rich Mustard Colonel rich
mustard has has the link to the super
accessible controller thing it looks
really neat the promo video they put
together you know a tad bit
heartbreaking but really exciting that
they're they're thinking about people
with special needs and when it comes to
gaming and so that's always that's a
little bit of positivity for your day
right there people are really upset in
the chat about the height of Luke Cage
in a comic book video game the the
height of the super strong muscle man I
know
as compared to spider-man and know
exactly he I mean they're very upset
he's probably larger than he would be if
he were a real person but this is a
video game based on a comic book yeah so
I guess I'm gonna allow it
it's called exaggeration sure yeah
hyperbole a little bit visual hi Shirley
sure yeah they want to make him a
distinct carrot let's just run into that
card you know it's fine they want to
make him a distinct silhouette as
compared to Spider Man I think that's a
good idea
I think what rich is trying to say is
settle the fuck down
as spider-man I'm John no you know what
new spider-man hasn't really met anyone
new spider-man marvel sorry Marvel MCU
spider-man oh Tom Collins Tom Hollands
Helen
Tom Holland Tom Collins that's a drink
that's alright ok you ok Joe richest
type of buyers have a little nip before
I came here everyone Tom Holland hasn't
had a chance to meet many people in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe ok but it does
kind of make you want that scene with
him and just like a super strong bruiser
guy has he done that in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe no just him versus a
brick wall like Luke Cage a Hulk the
right exactly
don't you kind of want that that would
be fun yes I want I want that scene
where you know he's on his web and he's
doing his big pendulum swing and he's
about to like you know he thinks he's
gonna knock a guy down and just splats
right into him that'd be great
they haven't had the the Rhino job for a
cameo yet so hey that's what we need we
need him versus well we don't need that
it would be fun
that kind of stuff is fun
who's playing Luke Cage in the TV show
now we need him we need him to have a
tiny little scene with that rib cage
that would be fun I keep hearing very
positive things about season 2 of Luke
Cage I mean even though they had a
season see it just came out ok and
everyone's saying like woah so much
better than season 1 and I was not a big
fan of season 1 I will probably watch it
only because of misty Knight who I loved
in season 1 she's back but with a robot
arm because she got her arm sliced to
huff spoil early no it's fine
well she in the comic she has a robot
arm ah so I'm down I'm down like I'm
down for just a misty night show look
whoa whoa whoa settle down spider-man
just spazzing a little bit but that's
fine I fucked up my job man yeah
how can you not like those animations
look up theme Oh complete the very I
think my story thought the coming misty
night sounds like a Bond girl name
probably I'm assuming she was she was an
original character back in the day from
the blaxploitation Comics Heroes for
Hire no idea Oh neither do i but like
misty night also sounds like the the
femme fatale in a blaxploitation film
yeah we're gonna go see misty night take
down these crack dealers wow that is
very true Marvel TV and Marvel films do
not play nice with each other why not
why not well TV's pretty decent they've
had some good shows the here here's one
explanation that I have that makes more
sense I mean obviously there's a ton of
logistics involved there's a lot of
agents and lawyers involved yeah but the
one explanation that I that I heard that
that really sunk in for me was is any
cameo or crossover going to be enough
for people like you know the the there
was talk of like maybe a little cameo of
them in infinity Wars right I I want to
see daredevil cameo on the new
spider-man that would fit that would fit
that would fit that would fit but would
it would it be a big enough cameo to
give his character enough do would that
okay you know there's only so much
screen time that can be given to any
character
is I think the the explanation that I
heard and so you just have to you have
to draw a line somewhere but I could see
I could see a daredevil help and Spidey
out well what's the new spider-man we
just learned through the new spider-man
name the name of the new movie ah
far far from home yeah spider-man far
from home blazin bitch I blazing yeah
blazing bitch I'd like to jessica jones
season two I thought I thought it was I
was pretty damn good I could see how
someone wouldn't like it though because
it didn't you know with with without
forget his name the doctor the guy who
played the doctor was purple man and his
name is his name is and you're gonna
you're gonna his name is kilgrave but
his real name doctor his real name is
Doctor Who but some people refer to him
as David Tennant Thank You Tiberius Kirk
without like David Tennant in season one
was a an awful man and a great villain
it's just you wanted that villain torn
to pieces and he was interesting and
cool and thematically appropriate and it
made season 1 incredibly visceral it was
just revenge you know like all right
we're down season two the villains and
their motivations and how bad they are
are kind of wishy-washy which plays
really well with the themes of season
two and so it's just not as visceral and
so I could see someone not liking season
two even though like it all makes sense
in the story and it's all it's all messy
but it's supposed to be messy
so also David Tennant is fantastic he's
just a fantastic actor so more David
Tennant
now come at me from there all right
finally unlocking the good stuff yeah
get there get that good stuff mmm yeah
yeah but I think a lot like with
homecoming speaking of just spider-man
and daredevil just more more scenes of
more seasoned heroes absolutely shutting
spider-man down I love that in a in
homecoming of just you're fucking up kid
yes your heart is in the right place but
you're fucking up that's the one oh
that's some of my favorite spider-man is
just you know he wants so bad to do good
but he's not there's not good at it but
he's not good at it but is he just wants
it he wants it so bad so a little a
little scuffle with daredevil and
daredevil just absolutely owning him you
know he's got superpowers he's got a
spider sense but daredevil has the
seasoned he has the training and he's
like now now what you would do as a
writer of course of course because
that's what that's what spider-man's all
about and I really like how Tom Holland
plays them you know kind of just a
little naive a little a little wide-eyed
and ready to go
what's my what's our take on the new
animated spider-verse projects of rich
specifically rich I just don't care
hmm I I don't want to see 8,000
different versions of spider-man running
around that's it's weird
uh-huh and I don't know why they're
going with the herky-jerky art style it
doesn't make any sense just just trying
to be it made sense in the lego movie
because they're trying to look like
stop-motion like it's actual legos that
made sense I think they're just dude I
don't know why the fuck they're doing it
in the spider-man movie going for style
man going for style and it might also
just have a budgetary reason just less
less frames to animate say we can
literally save half of our production
budget if we just do this style like oh
okay
yeah no it's it's artistic
now I think it looks I think it looks
super oh my god what are you doing in
that lady let me bring her to a hospital
she's injured oh okay
I'm damaging her far more than just
waiting for an ambulance whatever
well like I am I'm gonna break every
bone in her fucking body
yep no you've you've just dislocated her
shoulder yeah she's vomiting everywhere
spider-man yes I know my leg is broken
she's dead you killed her you're welcome
man yeah that's great
all right what we got here we got prax's
who says hello in my continuous effort
to become more like you guys I recently
bought FTL Dragon's Dogma dogma and Dead
Rising on sale about 20 bucks total is
rich it's rich evans-wiik for me over
here playing right now and loving it yay
tech like swift ale - oh yeah I mean I'm
not I'm not as fanatical as you are
about it and more importantly I'm just
not as good yeah there there's no way I
can be as as tactically mindful as you
even though I've beaten it a few times
and awesome damn fine game that FTL damn
fine game have you been paying attention
to the steam sales at all I'm really not
not closely I've purchased a few things
here and there
anything exciting I don't I really like
there there's a game called caves of
quad qud okay that is supposed to kind
of be like a very old-school roguelike
like an actual like Rogue rogue like
that has been in development for a while
it's still an early access but it's it's
one of those like anything's possible
kind of games as long as you're able to
use your imaginations and it was on sale
and the developer said like this Steam
sale is probably the cheapest it will be
in a few years and you can still help
support late development as they and
it's been on my wish list forever yeah
this caves
I bought fimble weed park which we've
talked about playing was on super sale I
bought oh I I can't even keep track of
all the games and I just like I bought
in maybe five or six games because
they've been on super sale
and they the other good part of the
steam sales something I about on Twitter
the other day is the it also has the on
the the amazing ability to clean up my
wish list yeah because you know if I
like find like half of my wish list was
under five dollars and you know what if
I'm not buying this game for $4.99 then
I'm just not buying it right like I had
this that Bulletstorm game on my wish
list forever and it was something like
75% off yeah it's a $40 game and it was
under $10 and I looked at it again I
watched the the the gameplay trailer
again and I just said as Bulletstorm the
one everyone tells me I would like yeah
yeah it's it's a first-person shooter
and you get likes like it's half of guns
I think half magic powers but it's
supposed to be a really intense yeah
first-person shooter a lot like doom and
it was $10 and still I couldn't I just
could not bring myself as I don't care I
don't care about playing this game off
my wish list so I also cleaned up my
wish list a lot which is great clear out
the clutter also how are we liking this
game well jag has never played it but I
this is my favorite spider-man game so
I'm fond of it I have never played it
and unless I I mean at this point it
might be cheaper to find a used ps3 and
copy of this game to get a Windows
version of it it is definitely cheaper
to do that right now
right so you know I guess I'll be on the
lookout for because it's not officially
available anywhere right yeah oh wait
did they make uh did they make a was his
ps3 so that would be we did they make a
Wii version fighter Man 2 on ps2 was so
much better no I wasn't you know a grant
you would had the more interesting
web-swinging but that does not make a
complete spider-man game this games got
that that game smashed when it comes to
just fighting mmm Spidey beating the
shit out of people and jumping around
and
the that's what open world stuff looks a
lot better there's a there's a whole
skill tree going on here that's slowly
unlocks what's once I got more of this
unlock there's some just just sweet
fuckin mid air combos shit you can do
that's awesome
that's awesome you can you can juggle
people and Aaron just weapon back to you
throw away really really just give you
that spider-man feeling yeah if I had
these powers oh I'd be fuckin people huh
that's great that's what I was getting
me you know speaking of extra hyped for
the new spider-man game they were
talking about some of the unlock
abilities and my god like you know kind
of the same thing where you can you can
like have suit power-ups and like
different suits will be able to do
different things and it's like yeah just
new ways to punch bad guys that's what I
want I want to punch all the bad guys so
uh did this have a Wii version I wonder
dozens probably crap right because you
know the Wii version right right cuz I
still have a Wii oh no oh I have a Wii U
which can play Wii games ultimate
spider-man was good I like this more
there is a Wii version okay I'll have to
look into that see if it see if it's
even a little bit as good oh man those
oranges are gonna mess up those purples
look at this gang fight it's the same
gang member just wearing different
jackets basically I had to cut some
corners
look fellas over out there a little bit
that's fine that's fine
yeah
Oh Moon Knight is in this which gives it
points but ultimate spider-man mentions
dark Hawk so that's a point in its favor
I don't know but actually don't know who
dark Hawk is that's that's 90s character
that didn't didn't survive the 90s oh no
was it a Rob Liefeld I know I doubt that
all the pouches did it have all the
pouches I didn't have like I'm gonna
silver helmet thing I think every man
and arm wings no nevermind that went
from like you know the shoulder to sure
okay no but I don't know what you're
talking about
who made this this is these are all
Activision right Treyarch Activision
someone else's names on this I don't
know everyone whoo hey Luke sorry Chuck
Fox I have not seen Deadpool together
mooom Knight is basically Batman but I
think formally crazy he has multiple
personality disorder right yes yes III
did I read I've read exactly one Moon
Knight collection yeah the the Bendis
collection of moon night in which he was
actually crazy and like thought he was
talking to Spider Man and Captain
America but they were just figments of
his imagination but he would like use
them to help him figure out stuff but I
didn't think he was very good
the the Moon Knight comics I read I did
not believe her I did not think was very
good so yeah I did I did not even know
summer games done quick was going on
right now
dad shit they make jokes about his old
costume I thought he was gonna punch him
I don't like this voice actor at all
this is this is Mike Vaughn doing the
voice and Mike von someone who has done
a lot of work interesting enough Mike
Von does the voice of Iggy Koopa in the
Mario Brothers games okay so there's
that the boy well you know he got that
yeah I'm not a big fan of this
all right this one is infamous for gang
trouble swing then take about yes who
could forget the famous Iggy Koopa voice
why spider-man standing like that yeah
cuz he's doing his his spider waiting
he's ready he's ready to go
ah you people are nuts the animation of
this game is great the only thing that
matters is this stuff like just look at
him swinging around that's a tree that's
great
that is working for you Spidey think you
can do it again but of course good I
have another bunch of hood looks like
they have a lookout this time so take
them out fast I have not seen the
west-world final I'm about three or four
episodes behind in West world season two
so far very much enjoying it and it's
it's just you know another fine example
of you know how we are getting nice we
are getting some excellent sci-fi right
now there's excellent sci-fi on TV right
now West world being some of it you
should never fail a mission for leaving
the mission zone yeah she's just swaying
by him and nope you've left the mission
zone well I hit them but I swung too far
out of the area I was supposed to go
which is utter horseshit yes especially
if you did hit them like you're supposed
to yeah so Luke Cage can't be bothered
to fight crime Luke Cage is mentoring
right now we can only assume spider-man
hired him to mentor him and so Luke Luke
Cage only Luke age ain't no dummy he
works for money
alright there are no cars there there
are cars now what do you have to do no
it's really weird a New York Street with
no cars oh yeah yeah actually you can
summon Luke Cage look at you teleports
in and starts punch you people that's
great you get a soup de doop meter cool
okay so I know everyone was complaining
about Luke Cage some of these thugs are
disproportionately big Yeah right like
they're like it looks like it looks like
they're giant men compared to spider-man
so Luke Cage does fight crime you'll be
happy to know that's great I am I am
upset that you don't have any in-game
currency that you lose when he comes in
because that would just be a special
meter what special meter well sure but I
like it would be funnier if it was
actual money oh for luke age-specific
yes like hey get it you need to earn
money so you can hire Luke Cage to come
get it obviously you know you can't fit
every good joke in there but that would
be funny because he's the hero for hire
it's still a mercenary yeah I don't even
know if they do that anymore I don't
even I don't even know if it in the
comics he does that anymore
it was a great gimmick oh it's a great
gimmick
yeah those bad guys look Johnny even
compared to the cars that see that's
just yeah bad rendering on some on some
level buddy ps3 it's fine it's a is the
best they could do rich it's you know
it's like it's like being an art critic
for cave paintings it's like this is the
best they could do he didn't know
anybody didn't know any better
doo-doo-doo-doo nope we're gobbledy jeez
which I assume is gobbledygook but it
just says gobbledy geez this is rich I
have never really felt like I've owned a
PC game ever okay you buy it without
resale value I have a garage full of
thousands of console games many
purchased usually used at rental stores
remember those good old consoles you
rarely bought used PC games there yeah
yeah okay I don't know I think that was
just uh and and yet on my computer I've
got pretty much every PC game I've ever
owned
loaded up hey your game prepper and I
dig that you know I think well I think
you bought you both of you are saying
the same thing which is like you know on
one hand you can have a box full of
cartridges yeah or you can have a box
full of hard drives either way as long
as you all know the thing as long as you
have the ability to play whenever you
feel like playing right and so I mark my
words by next-gen and the consoles discs
are gonna be a thing of the past
I'm so you're not gonna feel like you
own anything then they were supposed to
be a thing of a past two years ago only
only once once Sony is done with the
PlayStation 5 and they stopped
supporting it you won't be able to
redownload your games mmm any more on
that yep or on the Xbox 2 or whatever
the fuck that is
they call the fucking thing the Xbox 101
yeah yeah absolutely you know it's I've
got my only need one thing hooked up and
it's got all my crap on it yeah like how
many fucking consoles that have been
there at the Benno in in life how much
of a pain in the ass is it if you want
to play an old game on a console I get a
dig out the Super Nintendo or you got to
dig out the Gamecube or whatever the
fuck it is not only that then you have
to find out how to hook it up to your
modern TV oh yeah got make sure you have
a TV with the right kind of refresh rate
and attachments and adapters yeah yeah
but it's still there it's still there
and you still own it right that's the
important part that's the important part
and I suppose it's kind of the same with
old PC games because if you go far
enough FAQ do you have you know a DOS
box to play that game do you have the
right kind of software to play the old
hardware if you have it right I think
sometimes it can be just the
architecture in which you play games
change it can change so much from
operating system to operating since
there's a thing somebody has figured it
out usually you just do how do I get
this game running yeah arm system to you
okay I need to do this this and that
thanks to the hive mind of the Internet
someone has figured it out tested it
retested it re figured it out and has it
available usually for free it just takes
some doing
it just takes him doing knowing what it
was it was a couple a couple years ago
at an e3 when when when Microsoft
announced their their whole plan to get
rid of disks and everyone threw a
conniption right they started a little
bit too early I really sincerely believe
they're gonna try again oh of course
it's the smart way to do things from a
business standpoint it'll be a the next
gen I think it'll be a transitional okay
anybody is in this store now
everything's gonna be available on the
online store you got the Allied so down
we'll have some juice and then buy that
by the end of act like less and less
will be available on the disk yeah well
hey love five it's only available from
the regs up store the online things down
though what a 10% off like that valve a
five five percent of that'll be the
interesting thing is what's gonna be the
big game that they say won't be on a
disk yeah right cuz that'll be the that
will be the official change yeah the
next Halo game the next Sony excludes
you know Last of Us 3 right we available
via digital download well you know what
it was just it was too big for a disc
that we didn't want to do multiple discs
and you know what to to ease your burden
on your hard drive there's actually a
lot of content that you need to contact
the server for couldn't have just used
compression software you know it was too
because we wanted this we wanted it to
look good for you so we don't want to
compress it and so that's why you need
to sign on to our server in order to to
receive the information via our servers
we're not charging you for it yet as
long as you're subscribe Xbox Live as
long as you're a PS 59.99 a month a PS
Plus member you get to play it anytime
you want it's absolutely and it will be
the gaming experience that you're
looking for what we're proud of our team
they really crossed some technical
hurdles to bring you this experience
just save somebody from an exploding car
jack I saw that that was awesome
yeah abs every now and then ah that's
great that's fucking being spider-man
right oh that could be lettuce - I mean
I mean gets punched in the face every no
oh yeah yeah actually wish you went
flying a little further because I think
spider-man does that once in oh yeah so
I I think I think next-gen will be the
transition when they finally get the
digital store for the concerts oh yeah
yeah I'm with you and then all your
software will eventually eventually be
obsolete well it's like you know they
already have decent digital stores and
they're already doing some of that with
your you know Xbox Microsoft membership
with your PS Plus membership and getting
your free games as long as you have your
membership right they're already doing
some of that but it'll be interesting to
see what their what their big title is
gonna be once once they show their hand
is it gonna be halo is it gonna be
uncharted eight is it gonna be the next
is it gonna be deaf stranding deaf
stranding is only available online right
yeah my problem will be that what's
what's gonna be the game where they say
digital only now let's talk about DRM
and of course we're only we're only
talking about the negative aspects of
DRM because there are what are the
positive aspects of DRM well it's only
positive if you're you're the fucking
Bob publisher well but with DRM
publishers feel comfortable with digital
sales in general remember before DRM was
a thing publishers were scared of steam
they didn't want it out there because
they were so afraid of pirates I'm
scared of steam but for different
reasons that's true that's I hear you
but you also don't make games so you're
less important
that's gonna be Oh the next Call of Duty
now
Cassie cross you've got it that's it
that's a great example the next Call of
Duty will be the the first digital only
one see that's pretty much a multiplayer
only thing that that makes some sense
yeah and who gives a shit that games got
a shelf life anyway
oh right for that then it makes no no
save the guy save the guy Spidey what
what she glitched out well you still got
the points if no I got that I got the
evil points the black points oh I'm
sorry I am too I think that is really
cool so how do you get the warning does
it just go in slow-mo when you know yeah
I think there's a sound effect
associated with sure sure that's neat
she glitched out on me I add her she was
in my fucking hands yep she left she
left the the tutorial she left the
mission zone yep she got blown out of
her missions
Wow they get that thug with a bat no hit
me so hard I smashed into a taxi and
blew it off
that normal thug with a baseball bat you
be fair that is not a normal thug with a
baseball bat look at how big he is
look these are obviously gang members
who are also super mutants
so I'm gonna be nice that is oh that is
super yeah that's a great idea
fucked up my smash so anyway I think the
moral of the story is DRM giveth DRM
taketh away mostly take a look and what
we should be concerned about is it
taking taking it the way there but you
know I like I said I I think we're being
very negative so we shouldn't see them
there is also a positive benefit which
is just the amount of things we can play
which is also a negative benefit cuz
there's too many things to play Kankan
DRM be time sensitive can it go away
after seven years I'll take seven and
then then the DRM goes away on your copy
once you purchase it it has a ticking
time clock no like like the DRM after
after the game's old yeah and then I was
worried about making money on it yeah
take away the DRM you don't have to
phone home to our company anymore so the
game that you you had on the Mac well
will still work even if that fucking DRM
company goes out of business well let's
see that was the problem was the DRM
company went out of business so they
can't rewrite the code I'm sure it's
been hacked you gotta fight you gotta
find the pirated version because the DRM
doesn't really stop the piracy oh the
DRM has done it doesn't stop the piracy
it does do an incredible job of
lessening it though the how did the The
Witcher 3 do fantastic
there are a ton of pirated copies which
three are there more copies of The
Witcher 3 floating around pirate or
normal like relatively speaking
relatively speaking how pirated was The
Witcher 3 oh I have no idea because that
had no Dereham right yeah I have no idea
I I know in general I'm not convinced
it's helping that much basically because
the Pirates they're going to find a way
around the ship oh yeah I know you DRM
has done nothing for piracy ah steam has
done a great deal to curb piracy because
they've made it so easy to get games is
my is what I'm saying steam has done an
amazing job of just saying if you make
it easy for people to get games they
will be less likely to pirate and that
has been true since steam has been
around piracy has been down in general
okay okay but of course people want
people love things for free and people
love just breaking games and cracking
games and figuring out the bullshit
right we love that that's never ever
going away no matter what but I think
the the lesson learned with with with
steam or even fucking you know we can
take Netflix as an example of this is if
you make it really easy for people to
get stuff they will take the path of
least resistance right even if it's like
$10 versus free that $10 means I can
have the game and it'll work really
great yeah so I'm okay with that pirates
are gonna pirate I'd rather buy it if
it's cheap that's right captain
president it's it's about it's it's all
about how easy how easy it is to get the
thing and that's the deposit these again
and it wouldn't be easy to get these
things if we didn't have DRM so that's
the positive side of it but there's a
negative side of it it's almost like
it's a gray issue like the rest of the
world is crazy it's crazy I want to
finish all of the optional missions
before I before I go and progress the
story oh yeah dude fuck man you're just
being spider-man spider-man it up I know
I'd like to get to some of the crazier
shit that happens in this though okay
hey you do you it's why GOG is doing so
well gol-do GOG is finally getting
getting some titles which is great
which is great we should we should be
supporting GOG as much as humanly
possible I know and you know rich will
say for the drm-free but also for the
competition I both find reasons to
support you honestly right like you know
Steve esteem has been good but every you
know competition does nothing but good
so having having someone out there
nipping at their heels is gonna mean
steam gives us the things we want
technically a origin is is competition
but ya are also douchebags yeah that's
true
damnit they were too far away jack
mm-hmm that were true people wouldn't
pirate shit that was available through
Humble Bundle there are people who will
steal stuff no matter what yeah that it
doesn't matter you I I'm sure a
developer could give away a game for
free as long as you typed in your email
address and someone will still find a
way to crack it and steal it and torrent
it the people will steal no matter what
why do you hate people me because
because I've been because I've met
people rich
I hate veal because I've been around
people
whoops
all right where are we we are at dick
gently ER who says I just wanted to tell
you that I'm honoured to have been the
first watcher to get unfucked last
stream that is all thank you Dirk Gently
er for for being our inaugural on fucker
and actually thank you for reminding us
that we run fucking people because I'll
be honest I have forgotten I just forget
I just forget sometimes blow up one more
game car
one more game car game where the gangs
at from the front to back yeah they're
not in a car so I don't care how very
unspayed her man of you I know
apparently the next spider-man game will
be MCU Canon yeah now if the if the ps4
spider-man is good I hope they do
another one in that universe if it's
good the the ps4 spider-man is
spider-man who has been spider-man I was
just watching some of the gameplay
you know the developers playing it over
at e3 and they said it's spider-man and
he's been spider-man for seven years
okay so I guess technically it could be
the same MCU spider-man probably not but
there they were talking about kind of a
more established spider-man more
established but still learning stuff and
now you got a game car none it's looking
at it's looking pretty neat that that
new spider-man are you guys ever gonna
stream Resident Evil for now yes pick
pick which one you want to believe but
there's no give a shit about Resident
Evil yes you're a fan so I like Resident
Evil 4 go right ahead Jack I'll stream
it I'll stream it rich and watch and
laugh at all the ridiculous parts yeah
we just don't care it's not like I hate
it
it's not it's not like I hate red I
legitimately hate the first couple of
Resident Evil games I never had a good
time playing those ones yeah the ones
with the fixed camera
oh god that bothered me and I understand
like that was Capote that was the whole
point is like how awkward you were to
control you know because it wasn't about
the fighting it was about you know the
terror and figuring out a way around the
zombies but I still fucking hated it so
you know Resident Evil 4 came around it
was just a regular shooter and I was
okay with that yeah really I'd like for
its it's big corny fun man you fight a
giant zombie fish at one point and
apparently Resident Evil 4 had a head
like a bloody Colin what did they do in
four left 4 dead where it had like a
artificial intelligence kind of figure
out how good you were doing at the game
and automatically adjust the difficulty
hey director so yeah AI director it had
something like that word it kind of
automatically tailored the experience if
you're getting through too fast it would
make it a little harder if you were
struggling it'd make you know to make it
just the right difficulty all the time
know how I feel about this mm-hmm I
think it worked because the game flows
very nicely
it also had a really great inventory
system it was very simple and very dumb
which is just you have a case and
anything that you want to take with you
you have to like Tetris into the case
that's not unique to that game I'm not
saying it was I'm saying okay nice okay
I'm not saying they invented it I'm
saying they had a good inventory system
hokey but good okay
I like I like that just like oh you got
a you want this thing you got to fit it
in here okay you got to rotate your gun
and then you can fit all your plants
next to your gun I thought it was neat
that keg sticky says hey Jack saw you at
the Yeti warehouse sale while my brother
and I were on my way on our way in hope
you got a crud ton of t-shirts and enjoy
time out with your family the DJ there
was poppin PS my brother and I got six
t-shirts for 60 buckaroos yeah it was
great it was awesome I know I tell
people that I went to Aurora Illinois to
buy t-shirts and they all give me the
same look you know just why why is it
because they were really cheap it was I
I guess so so you know yet e.com is like
a nerd t-shirt company yeah and they're
having a big sale and it was in Aurora
Illinois which is you know about two
hours away from Milwaukee here and so
ash fucking I'll I'll go down and you
know I took the kids with me and figured
they could pick out some nerdy t-shirts
you and you know we'd make kind of a
morning of it you know and I I guess I
was expecting it to not be a very big
deal you know like oh I'll be able to
browse some shirts you know they'll
probably have a stack of this and this
size isn't a stack of this in this sizes
and we got there fairly early they
opened at 10:00 and we got there at like
quarter after 10:00 right and it was a
madhouse there was a hundred people in
this very small space and they just had
piles not organized in any kind of
logical order except for it by size kind
of so like here's all the largest here's
all the extra larges here's all the
smalls and then just giant clumps of
shirts that people were ravenously
digging through to find anything cool or
anything they wanted and you paid 20
bucks and you got a tote bag and
anything that you could fit in the tote
bag without falling out you got to keep
and it was
it was insanity and so like me and my
kids were finally able to like muscle
our way into the small section and you
know my kids picked out a whole bunch of
shirts that they liked and then it got
too much for them so they stepped out
into kind of a more open area and then I
I had to I think I punched three old
ladies to get to the men's large section
and just okay this is fine this is fine
this is fine just filled up my tote bag
as much as I could they're all giant
we've established this they're all giant
spider-man is is a midget in this game
spider-man ant-man accidentally hit
spider-man with one of his disks are you
gonna lose your shit in this game he's
shorter than Wolverine are you gonna
lose your shit I will absolutely lose my
head if you're shorter than Wolverine in
this game because Wolverine is supposed
to be very short and it's like but but I
can defend Luke Cage being taller than
spider-man because that makes sense but
just every thug being yeah also being a
giant that's where I can draw a line
spider-man is a hobbit in this in this
game but no we had a great time at the
Yeti sale they had a they had they did
have that really they had really they
were they were selling like vinyl video
game soundtracks if I if I had a record
player I probably would have brought
bought a couple but they had a lot of
neat stuff video games listen that's
what people are into people are under
shit
you know people like collecting stuff
that's fine and and yeah we bought it we
got it we got a bunch of shirts I don't
know exactly the count at the end of the
day because you know we do I we just
started grabbing and filling our tote
bag but we had a great time
you brought your children sure and they
were ok on the trip they what's not to
love about a road trip when you were a
child what's not to love about a
two-hour trip it's two hour road trip we
I have been preparing them for this
their entire life so they know like they
brought books they brought you know
paper to you know color and draw with
and and on the way back we stopped by
the red box and we rented a movie for
the for the drive back and they loved it
so on the way down they were reading
books and drawing and shit they bought
some shirts and on the way back they
watched oh no some movie I forget what
it was I wasn't paying attention I
wasn't paying attention road trips are
great and I did decide I know people are
gonna definitely care about this I'm
gonna I did decide to take the tollway
just to save time because it actually
would have added an extra hour and a
half each direction to go there no time
and I decided that wasn't really worth
it and the tolls were only eight dollars
each way I mean still you know sixteen
bucks but saved me three hours eating
into your t-shirt savings it is it is
but save me three hours so I'm gonna be
okay with it yeah but still I mean still
eight dollars eight eight bucks just in
tolls that ain't not nothing
there nobody rora but I know it's not
that bad getting to Chicago without
tolls Chicago proper like downtown yeah
well you even even the south suburbs
through that sure I mean just that that
first whole wave but you know before you
get to Six Flags from Milwaukee 94 m
oh no it's up now isn't it what isn't it
more than three bucks now the road just
294 oh the road is yeah I know I was
gonna say like that one alone is like
four bucks
five maybe maybe even the one of the
border is like a five it's crazy like
that's five and then get into Chicago
then there's just one other toll and
that one might be too but no I mean it's
not it's not the worst and you know what
the the highways as soon as you cross
over to the Illinois side they're a lot
better they're just a lot better they
take care of ballpark the number of
shirts I got probably thirty probably
thirty like maybe eight for each of the
kids and then at least twelve to fifteen
for me so a roundish 30 shirts for 20
bucks I'm gonna be absolutely ok with
that I want to fuck up and redo this
little oh sure
it's a lot of fucking snipers yeah this
gang is really well coordinated these
aren't the game they're not no but
they're orange like the gang the red
Jack the red and they're wearing like
tech suits I was I was gonna actually
ask you about how the gang got their
tech suits get an iPad I should get an
iPad 30 that's a lot any duplicates you
know the kids got some duplicates you
know like they liked the same shirt so
you get two of the same for the kids but
no for me no duplicates spider-man all
right be good all right be good do well
be good do well $20 plus gas my car gets
decent gas mileage plus $16 and tolls so
36 I mean it's on it probably only cost
me like less than 10 and gas to get
there and back cuz I get decent gas
mileage so I'll say $46 for 30 shirts
and you know about five hours
this game is ten years ten years old
welcome to aging time moves forward rich
welcome to aging normally can you
believe it time passes at regular
intervals yeah I got some t-shirts they
had some really cool like stuffed
animals that the kids God they had a
food truck that was making homemade
doughnuts so we had a couple of those
they had a little coffee stand that was
doing nitro cold brew coffee which is
some of the most delicious coffee you
offer drink it was a hipster
extravaganza
this is great hipster extravaganza
there's the hipster extravaganza you're
damaging your children jacket.i fine
fine children are gonna go to school and
we try and talk to their friends about
the latest vinyl albums and they're just
gonna be they're gonna be fucking
outcasts are you kidding I live in a
hipster neighborhood their friends are
gonna be embarrassed that we don't have
any vinyls my kids will be like like you
want to trade pokemon cards and they're
like are they organic the other kids
they're gonna be like wheat it's sad
right the other kids are gonna say we
can only watch 20 minutes of television
a day because that's how much our solar
battery charges our television has a
great thing it was a great time and I
love road trips and you know the on the
way back the kids wanted to watch so you
know like I let the kids rent whatever
they wanted from the red box cuz in our
we have a minivan because of course we
do because we have children and it's got
a little DVD player and so yeah like the
kids were you know watching their movie
or whatnot and I stuck in some
headphones and I just listened to NPR so
you just get to listen to some nice NPR
programs I love road trips I love
driving
we made peace between the gangster by
punching them all but by showing them
that somebody had set them up to go
after each other oh oh the Power Suit
guys yeah so now the Blues and the
oranges are friends now the blues and
the purples jacket the purple of the
purple and the oranges the purples and
the oranges are friends now great I'm
very happy for the Purple's and the
oranges how long will be until cassettes
are cool Oh Thunderbird cassettes are
all ready we're all ready cool and are
gone now if you go to a hipster show
right now they are selling a cassette if
you go to Alec Alec concert with a
hipster band they are selling their
album on cassette I guarantee it
cassettes are cool again and in fact
it's been too long where they're no
longer now they're not yeah they were
cool about five years ago that's when
people were doing cassettes I nope oh we
got a chaser her little do me any good
to try anything proactive like puncher
because this is the chase black hat
segment good okay even if you get in
front of you just kind of got to wait
for her I think yeah cuz that's our
garbage yes cassettes are garbage but
they're also relatively inexpensive to
produce and kind of a novelty and so you
can't make the argument like with vinyl
you can a lot of people do make the
argument that the sound quality is
better on vinyl yeah then then a digital
or or you know digital on compact disc
but you can't make that argument with
cassettes but they are relatively cheap
to produce and it's cute
that's true and cephalo pathetic says
cassettes are also frequently packaged
with a download code so you get the good
audio quality version 2 and and by the
way that's the same with vinyls like if
you buy a vinyl usually it has a
download code alright I know there's
some bullshit reason why vinyl is better
yeah I don't do cassettes have that no
of course not so it's purely just dumb
ironic shit yep yep fuck off fuck off
you fucking hipster garbage fucking the
hipsters broke rich you're obnoxious
you're you just you're fucking obnoxious
ads cute I hate you so much I can't find
words for my hate you you you literally
gargles like you're hate gurgled up
no and you know I think I think like you
know five ish years ago when people you
know we're getting on the cassette craze
I think there was an argument that a lot
of people still had cassette players in
their cars and says the guy with the
show about VHS tapes cuz that's what the
bad movies are on we happily watch them
on blu-ray if there's a blu-ray version
we will watch that version but no one's
running out to make a blu-ray version of
white fire unless they did did they do
that you didn't have it if they did and
if we did we would have watched that
version of course we watch the best
quality crap we can didn't we watch
ninja ninja 3 on blu-ray such high
quality you could actually see the wire
holding up the ghost sword ninja 3 the
dial yeah that's great that was great so
high equality you can see how truly
awful it is blu-ray of suburban
Sasquatch that that's up we have that on
DVD
right I don't know Matt I don't know oh
by the way that one of the part of the
bad option in this game you you can
basically leave Mary Jane for black cat
oh yes first of all yes if you if you
take the the dark suit option yeah I
don't see why you wouldn't is that the
Hobgoblin or just the glider just just
people with gliders can Mary Jane leave
you for black cat that's that's a it's a
whole different game that's a whole
different set of fanfiction there my
friend but you know you do you hi he
made a Hobgoblin Joker she did he had to
yeah cuz he looks like the Hobgoblin
I'm speaking of have Batman and Catwoman
gotten married yet and have they gotten
divorced yet is that has that happened
yet well I'm trying to remember what my
prediction was after they get married
how many issues at lasts I think I gave
them six issues I might be as generous
as eight eight issues before they get
they can't tell a story and only six
issues anymore jack
how many issues is a trade paperback
isn't that that's only like four or five
I thought well it could vary depends on
the story sure I suppose I suppose it
happens next issue okay so it happens
neck it happens next month we have a
little Batman Catwoman marriage watch
how many days Batman and Catwoman have
been married for yeah X amount of days
yes X amount of months or issues yeah
because we street possibly had to be
dance okay
I'm Delbert we can I can I can now make
that happen absolutely
we'll do it months weeks days I just
days will be easy because then I can
just put you know a little blank space
in between days and then we can fill in
the number like we do with what we're
playing so that'll be easy
what order minis so Jack what would you
did you do it or did you fail currently
I want the really I left the mission
zone again that believe in the mission
zone what I say is the best Spidey suit
I'm fond of this one yeah this one's not
bad the eye that the mask looks
absolutely fantastic in the PlayStation
for 100 I thought you're gonna saying
this one which it does no no no the
PlayStation for one has the best mask
overall this is the best hey I don't
know in any of the games
well I'm trying to think of the other
games it's hard to say just because
there's also a million game I hate the
Sam Raimi costume with the raised
webbing and that fucking basketball
texture for no reason he looks like a
spider-man looks like a fucking
basketball in those movies I can't stand
it I can I can be with you there
I like I've followed the fucking arrow
what do you want I think we might have
been talking about this off camera but I
I really enjoy the homecoming suit yeah
that's a fight that's a great suit
that's great suit it's not in any game
oh no no just spider-man suit in general
yeah you know I like his I like his I
like I know I know you don't much care
for it but I I like the white lines and
I like the sneakers
I like his sneakers in the 90s for him
okay you know why you would have
sneakers you wouldn't have bare feet if
you're running all over the posi stick
another
Oh magic I don't think that just with
his hands fucking magic maybe maybe his
toes don't have any padding but you're
also walking around the streets of New
York you need sneakers you're gonna like
walk into so much broken glass if you
just have like fabric over your feet
what do you want what am I doing wrong
game game what am I doing wrong
Hannover F know everyone hates scarlet
spiders outfit the the sweatshirt with
the sleeves cut off yeah is super ugly
everyone agrees on that I'm not even
that much of a contrarian to say well
actually Scarlet Spider know like it's
just it's awful it's awful
oh my god okay go
what's going on here steel Danko you did
it which is then she has a grabbin kiss
brief Oh
okay Felicia funs over
this is an evite fighting her and the
hang glider
can you start every stream one hour
earlier not yeah sometimes we can't
today it worked out and today it mostly
worked out because we've had an
incredibly long weekend full of very
late nights and so I just kind of want
to be done a little it really hurts me
as it's catching up with me
fucko marx says i just rewatched the
revenant and still thought it was good
any thoughts on it rich have you seen
the revenant no I have also not seen the
revenant okay great
sorry fuck Oh marks way to besmirch
Groucho's good name
nice I'll give you that one I ask you
you know what it's cute can you think of
a soap can you think of a solution to
the problem of superheroes need a mask
to protect their identity but a big star
just needs to show their face fuck the
star keep the mask on yep there you go
problem solved boom fuck the star stars
gonna have plenty of fucking scenes with
the goddamn mask off yep fine it's
absolutely fine and now we got Deadpool
who is perfectly okay CGI emotions on
the mask and the new spider-man mask
does a really great job of also showing
emotion yes no no we're already solving
that problem and and stars the the
world's deal what do I want to say here
the the way movies are made is changing
I don't think stars care that much
anymore back in the day yeah they went
hey you gotta see you gotta see to kiss
huh
because that's what sells the tickets my
friend right but I don't think that's in
that case anymore
people don't care like people don't care
who Tom Holland was that's not why they
went to go see the spider-man they saw
the spider-man movie to see spider-man
and I think everyone knows that now and
so they're all there everyone's okay not
seeing the actors face anymore even the
actor is okay with it
and so we're getting there I think the
name of the movie matters more than the
name of the actor in the movie nowadays
and so we're getting there I think you
know not every hero Mass will translate
to the Deadpool spider-man formula as
well and so that will just be a fun
process for costume designers Rick Arad
says I wanted to see Dredd I finally saw
dread dread is a great is a great case
for for the mask working
I had to prove to Lisa that that was
Karl Urban believe you she didn't
believe me you know I think we were
talking about like thor ragnarok ER or
whatnot and joking oh it was after we
watch The Lord of the Rings cuz Karl
Urban is in Lord of the Rings you know
very young Karl Urban he's in Lord of
the Rings and he's also in Thor Ragnarok
along with Cate Blanchett who's also in
Lord of the Rings and yeah we were
joking about that and I my offhandedly
made a little dread reference she's like
what are you talking about it's like our
Karl Urban is dread and she's no easy he
he didn't show his face that was a
nobody actor he wouldn't do that I was
like he's fucking dread of course he is
that's what makes him so cool is he was
willing to cover his face movie right as
an actor he was willing to make that
sacrifice and she's like now so he has
it like she made me look it up on I'm
desi fucking dummy yeah well she knows
I'm wrong ah dammit Jack you made me
miss the QuickTime event the goddamn
QuickTime event why do these still exist
well actually this is 10 years old so
okay