Jul 11, 2018
Slayer of Orcs! (pt 2)
twitch.tv/videos/283641274
youtube.com/watch?v=qO_39IvbByI
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1017128477047304192

that man talks again yeah why aren't you
doing the voice like that I did do the
voice like you're too legible you're far
too legible
I'm throwing more like this cause you're
talking slower know that I did exactly
how I did I'll go I'll go crazy or next
time I'll definitely go crazy or next
time that's the only that's the only
real criticism I have choose one with
Bain oh yes I'll choose one with Bain
and then I'll get to do Peyton's voice
too oh whoa whoa that was actually
really fun one and it's never too late
Batman puts a gas mask on yeah which is
great
watch everything indeed think I'm good
well I'll find a bane episode we'll try
to do it we'll try to do the bane
episode next I'll see if that's a good
one
that little and you know what I also
liked that a little mm-hmm
mall Radko and I think I need more stuff
like that I think I need to add in like
little bat grunts when he's moving here
yeah hey job yeah there is a hidden
Rachel in there too yeah somewhere is
there's got to be an episode with
somebody called you mean an episode with
somebody called Rachel and an episode
with somebody called Martha okay I'll
find I'll find another good episode
absolutely
we'll find another good one and like
luckily I was able to find I was able to
find the standalone soundtrack for the
episode because I don't know if you guys
know this but every single episode of
batman the animated series hasn't it has
a unique score which is one of the
things that makes Batman animated series
so wonderful every single episode has
its own unique score so I was able to
find the standalone score and put you
know underneath and match it up with the
score of the episode and you know they
actually they do something really
interesting I'm sure this is very basic
for people who know but as this is my
first time really paying attention to a
score of Batman the Animated Series they
do this really great thing where every
time Batman talks they kind of like hold
they sustain a note of the score yeah
it's just really settling in the
background and then as soon as he's done
talking the score picks up again but
then when he's talking just like sustain
so you can really take in back you're
gonna long gate a line if you need to as
long as his faces and facing the camera
yeah well I like it when the lips mat
just if can't you just edit Davis if his
head is still kids pretty much just edit
the lips too you're pleasing maybe okay
the problem is that once if you mess it
up too much the soundtrack will get
whale I'm just I'm telling you what it
needs yeah it needs more over the top
Christian Bale I'm with you um if
possible even a little bit of improv
every now and then we just throw in a
random riddle
oh I want know I want to I want to
improv but yeah I'm trying to stick as
close to the original as possible okay
okay I think I think that's where the
joke really shines is just like how good
this episode is with how bad Batman's
voice is yeah I know they are going to
release the entire original series on
blu-ray I'm very excited for this
release there's no official date on it
as soon as it's available I am
purchasing it because it's you know I
would love to see it in crisp I'll take
what I can get
argh Regius fucker I made a I made a
Batman video in which I replace Kevin
Conroy as Batman with Christian Bale's
Batman voice from from his movies and
it's ridiculous because Kevin Conroy
does a great job and Christian Bale does
a stupid Batman voice Christian Bale
does a stupid stupid Batman voice and
it's emphasized by the fact that the
episode is fantastic
I look at that magic dumb boys doing
yeah
the show is just brilliant Batman the
Animated Series is brilliant
well there's and yeah the the the bit
really came up here on stream when we
talked about doing this from months ago
at this point and I never got around to
it until until this week
where did I find this Batman video I had
it on DVD how would the video the actual
video someone hosts the Vimeo link but
it is the entire episode of Batman
animated shows with just the voice of
thank you hack bot
should not have liner on ball man I bet
they're like oh shit
whoa fuck that was waveone dank chains
yes my kids loved the original show we
only have season 1 on DVD yeah but they
loved it
it's a frente it's a fantastic show
have I've got them all it tells you how
I feel about this show it's a fantastic
show ever like I think I defended a bad
man it's the definitive Batman
absolutely every like and you know going
through going through it you know like
frame by frame and and sound by sound
the care that they put into all the
little details and you know going
through how little that man actually
says and it's just all it's all his
presence and the world and how long did
it take to dub I did it in two days but
really only it only took a few hours
because Padmaja doesn't say very much I
did it dub and then I found all the
replacement sounds
when there's no music I had to kind of
clone room tone from earlier in the
scene and Duncan under my battlements
and then if there was a score playing I
had to find the original score with no
voice over and put it underneath what I
was saying and then I redid my my vocal
lines a few times try to make it more
word it goes not getting really hits
enough but so I mean the whole process
maybe took six hours it was not it was
not very offensive
deck can you tell rich that the swinging
ball and tar traps in tandem ROP I know
that I don't have them yet okay
lyza bubble boat night wines you to know
that okay oh you don't have okay I just
don't have them yet okay there you go
doctor did you know did you know Mario
can jump I'm being an asshole now I
apologize no words I've been struggling
with that game for years yeah that was a
dickhead movers I know I know I feel a
little bit guilty doctor chugs but mud
yes we know about noclip making a
standalone GOG documentary damn it about
I am NOT on my a-game well you know how
it works is dreaming yeah you got to
talk and play at the same time you got
me gibbering in your ear lot of camera
lot of gibberish a lot of Jim and I'm
very sorry about that but also not
hyper starts sours same things
and done
crispy-fried man says rich it's been a
while since you played classic doom on
stream and I miss it
I've been playing a mod called gun
caster 3.0 and it's stupid crazy amounts
of fun I highly recommend you play it on
stream sometime okay gun caster is
demonic you're okay you know that dr.
Chuck but mud yes I actually a mutant
Year Zero is on my Steam wish list as
it's not out yet that's what that's what
my wish list mostly is his games that
aren't out yet that I think I want later
arts it looks like it looks like XCOM
meets howard the duck mutant Year Zero
I'm looking for the Phoenix plant you're
saying me dammit that's from the creator
of the original
Oh Sonic
while Ratko Batman Beyond did have a
great mr. creavy
yeah Batman Beyond I think was a good
show
the same craters right Batman
TAS it was a sequel to Batman the
Animated Series Kevin Conroy was still
old Batman
what's-her-name came back as Batgirl
right Barbara Gordon what is her name
fat girls boys actress I don't know the
voice actors named her strong does
everything was a her just cuz she does
everything I need style great I really
enjoyed the the the him joining up with
the new Justice League episode figuring
out the Superman thing is great
our Batman and Catwoman still married in
the future beefcake they're still not
married in the future yes Batman and
Catwoman are always not married
comically not yes why did you put him up
so high episode yes trigger TK that's
when Batman first speaks Batman is
character a few words in that show yes
he's a man of actions one of the things
that's so amazing about the animated
series is you understand everything you
need to know about Batman without him
saying anything just his presence alone
and how people reacts to Batman is all
you need to know about Batman it's
amazing
Batman is a detective always Batman is
always a detective
detective that's what makes him so cool
he's a detective and what are they in
called the detective ninja yeah they
never came up with the name Batman they
never got that they just did you start
calling the second detective ninja
police force yes I love it they need to
make a real Batman
when you click adventure I think they
did some not terrible things with Arkham
Knight and his detective being some of
the some of the detective Sypek feel
really neat yeah I like that
I mean it's stuff we've seen you know
and a lot of other games but you know
you stumble across something they
usually detect a vision you follow Clues
you know they did some neat stuff with
Arkham Knight I'm sure with the other
games too but I just didn't play many of
them I know in Arkham Asylum a lot of
the detective inge would just follow the
trail yeah yeah well it didn't feel very
organic but an Arkham Knight it felt
very organic the detective being it's
never fun the detectiving yeah you know
which came to the best the one everyone
hates city no origin origins the origins
is the one other origin says good
detective ings
it's that great gameplay a minute but
you're analyzing crime scenes at some
point in that game you didn't I hate
detective visions detective vision is a
little cheap and I probably made some
jokes about detective vision because
it's a little cheap but I get it I think
I sighs probably said similar things in
like horizon zero dawn which as you use
your focus or even the witcher which as
you use your Witcher sense which is that
I think a lot of it would be more fun
gameplay wise if you didn't use that and
like there were just natural signs that
you needed to follow and I suppose
really you could just follow them yeah I
don't know if any of the games forces
you to use anything tonight I actually
don't know but force you to what use
your detective vision
I'm sure the green elsewhere
tattletale me
yeah that's right witcher 3 has some
natural signs but a lot of times you're
following smells or something not
visible unless you use your detective
and you know I get it you need you need
some way to look at that point you've
become an adventurer right which by the
way I'd be like be a little ok with that
like let me be an adventure game alright
let me be a detective like that's a part
of the character that I like and
obviously you need some ways to
visualize these powers you need to be
you know a better than average detective
you need some way to gamifying
visualizes the tech division isn't the
worse way to do that it's just a little
cheesy there's a point-and-click
adventure game based on Batman Returns a
das point-and-click adventure bullshit
bullshit game he was still frozen double
bullshit
I looked it up we'll see if it's on GOG
have you played through the tell-tale
Batman series it's linear but has pretty
good expression of Batman detective I
played the first one
the Batman telltale games was like you
could play like the first mission for
free on iPad I've never actually played
a telltale game oh it can't be possibly
as bad as I think it's going to be and
it was I know you hated it it was just
as bad as I thought it was going to be
it was terrible it was just terrible
the tell-tale Batman bit that I played I
didn't feel like I was having any fun or
doing anything besides pressing the
button when they told me to press the
button I have the point-and-click Batman
game saved so we can play it on streem
yes
a beer corn says telltale glint games
are like classic point-and-click
adventures but with even less gameplay
what do I know so far Knowles all
working together
creepy voice talking in my head yeah
yeah like a telltale game is just it's
just a emotion comic book and every once
in a while you need to press the button
never gets old Jack no
boy
hey guys rich question this is captain
president what's their go-to weapon
loadout in banquet the heavy machine gun
I love the bank was just freakin shotgun
man the basics pretty much what else
good you know what the saw blade gun is
fun you can cut off limbs okay maybe
this is a fun shot gun like a heavy
machine gun and though the saw blade
that's that's what I'm going with
Jack as a clown what do you think about
magicians that perform magic tricks as a
clown what do I think about magicians
that perform magic tricks well I think a
magician that doesn't perform any magic
tricks is a really bad magician uh-huh
number one number two magic tricks are a
great way to entertain children and as a
clown I employed a couple simple magic
fairies in my own team and I think it's
great
some simple dumb magic tips are a great
way to entertain children I think I've
said this on stream I've been I've been
very purposefully carrying a quarter
with me everywhere as a fidget
replacement so anytime I feel the urge
to fidget
I've been practicing making a quarter
disappear and I've been getting pretty
good at it you know the classic you know
you put it put the quarter in your hand
you then you put it in this hand but
it's gone then you make it coming back
from behind their ear in a fight between
a clown and the magician who would win
where the hell it depends who has the
biggest prop clowns probably carry more
props with them
Jack knows magic I'm probably gonna
choke because I'm doing it on camera
of course because that's how it works
but you know I don't know what you guys
can see the quarter here right and as
you can see this hand is wide open I
don't know if you could even see him
it's a real it's a really good day good
night it's a really good use of the
fidget you try to hold the coin in
between in this area in between your
thumb and your hands so that way you can
open up your fingers because that's
where everyone looks your fingers right
I want to make sure you know you're not
like cupping and even if you can like
kind of flare out your thumb a little
bit like this or holding it like that
it's great it's a great trick use open
great for the kids wait alright alright
nice recovery did you almost fail I
almost got that died at noon mmm I
clutched it out jack is that all
captain president says hey guys rich
what nope we already asked that Vanquish
oh yeah
how about game four quarters who says
hey guys have you here's the
announcements about the new Robocop have
I hears it
Ivan hears it apparently it's a
reworking of the original sequel script
with Neill Blomkamp director ignoring
all other sequels and reboots I don't
know man I've heard the original script
was pretty bad ship dude if he didn't
Frank Miller make it into a wildly crazy
comic book did it right but I wrote it
oh yeah I did hear that news I think
Neill Blomkamp is has the potential let
me choose my words carefully Neill
Blomkamp has the potential to be an
incredibly talented director
and it is really really can be really
good but has also made Stormcrow penguin
says Robocop
you have to stop the ninja game they're
peddling a new drug called stats that's
exactly what the top versus no wait we
already had that Robocop person injured
isn't that Robocop 3 Robocop vs. ninjas
Blomkamp can be very good in interesting
whether he will be is a whole other
story nothing but potential there is
what I see which is a very polite
he was interesting exactly one time I
think there's some good in Elysium
Elysium however I think there's some
good in there it had some fun ideas a
little a little ham-fisted with the
social commentary a little on the nose
but I think there was there was some
interesting bits so I'm gonna say one
and a half for Blomkamp one and a half
interesting factors as far as his movies
go
oh yeah go then see if I can
Jack I'm currently coloring the newest
issue of Nightwing for DC Comics oh my
god and just watched your animated
series Christian Bale video it's great
putting that shit up on Twitter put it
up congratulations on your coloring job
I've heard good things about Nightwing
the comic oh yeah it's supposed to be
you know very it would probably be a
story I like in a very Spider Man very
underdog and I like that that's why I
really liked that's what I really liked
about Batgirl of Belleville when they
kind of revamped Batgirl is they took
away all of her gadgets and you know she
distanced herself from Batman well
Batman at the time was Commissioner
Gordon Ennis in a robot suit so she was
distancing herself from Batman comic
books don't worry about it but you know
like it was just basically her starting
fresh as Batgirl with nothing but her
talents and I thought there were some
good issues in there bat the Batgirl of
Belleville an interesting choice
yeah I've heard good things about
Nightwing I don't you know he operates
at night and has a wing he has at least
one wing we know their minimum one wing
we know that for sure he's not called my
wings that's such a comedy angle just
like that flat wide over the head
you know I've never seen any of Blomkamp
shorts
I really should watch as long as one of
these days I hear their glass thing
started those likey that short series
the short sci-fi stuff supposed to be
good informations
that's great Lloyd beat slow beats is
giving us a binding of issac for souls
Kickstarter update currently at one
point 1 million dollars with 15 days
remaining it looks fantastic it looks
like it's gonna be a great game
a little bit of deck-building a lot of
Isaac a lot of crazy powerup stuff looks
very
that girl is with Alma nove was taken
from the TV show wasn't Batgirl created
for the the 60s Batman yep
I suppose the bad woman who is different
Erica right which might be confusion
there sure much like much like Harley
didn't he was a creation of Batman the
Animated Series right can't have too
many mergers it's impossible to have too
many archers and any sort of ranged
weapon that's that cereal that's your
bread and butter in any sort of tower
defense game yeah the further away my
weapon can be from the bad guy the
better and still be effective of course
that woman did briefly have a sidekick
named Batgirl but an unrelated character
oh really
from from 20 years prior parent lets it
know every day there you go
chaos damn straight damn
utter chaos was bat woman's bat girl
Cassandra came isn't that woman like a
vampire or something
what is bat woman's deal I don't know
what's going on in the comics friends do
you know anything about that woman
because I do not I only know that she's
a lesbian so you okay so there's at
least one gay kiss there's at least one
gay kiss okay so it's got to be good
then it's gotta be good by the scale of
gay kisses we know things are happening
that's great
I hear gay I hear the value of day
kisses has been on a steady decline in
the past men I I think that's just a
market correction like we we want to
make sure that we're not over inflating
the game kicks as to lose any value so I
think that's just natural herbs and
flows Chuck Fox I wouldn't worry about
that
and they realized that was the last damn
wave go you did it I did hmm an accident
Maul wants to know when J is coming next
which is whenever he feels like it
and to says if they gave you enough
money to hire developers and make any
game you want what would that game be
like I won't steal your ideas I don't
first of all steal our ideas we're not
making games we're just over here just
steal them take him make them good make
them good man
you know we've talked about this a few
times I still think a game that I would
like to see being made is something that
I used to do for work which is I used to
work as a dispatcher and it was my job
to organize delivery drivers and so my
delivery drivers would have to pick up a
package here drop it off there and part
of my job was making sure that my
delivery drivers were happy enough
making enough money to keep working for
me but also didn't have too many things
to deliver where they would be late and
so part of the fun gamification of
organizing my delivery drivers was
finding that route where oh you have to
pick it up in the city if then you can
pick up this package drop-off package a
then you go here drop a package B and
then when you drop off package B you'll
be right near package C which will take
you here later here you see I always
thought that could be a very fun
especially like a mobile game touch
controls you know draw map out the
driver the driver path a little bit of
like get a little personality for your
drivers you know kind of like a randomly
generated personnel
some drivers when they like more and you
want to work with you more but maybe
that maybe they're bad drivers
that could be neat
how did I talk to the drivers through a
walkie-talkie
no no he called them I don't know if it
would make a good but I always like I
said that was for for the time that I
had the job at least I that was the part
of my job that I enjoyed for me was you
know trying to make that call like we
had one driver who lived way up north
and there was there was one there was
one package that started way up north
and had to be delivered to downtown
Warren and if that was the only package
to be delivered that drivers wasn't
making a lot of money and it was really
important to us as a company to have
that one specific package delivered
because it was you know one of those
like you know daily routes kind of
situation and so making sure that that
driver was really happy and you know
making you know saving some other
deliveries in that area just for that
driver to say hey do this and this and
this and this on the way down kind of
that doesn't manage
of rallies with really
but I think
why didn't the drivers get hourly pay
because capitalism ho all of our drivers
were private contractors so we didn't
have to pay them health insurance I was
also just a lackey I wasn't in charge of
that decision so a treat for you but
that was pure and simple capitalism my
friends I got paid by the delivery a
treat for you
nice I see what you're doing there rich
and I like it it's crazy jack you don't
even know you you don't even know so
shut up right now I'm saying you did a
good job I'm saying I like what you're
doing there you're doing a good job
why does America hate its workers
there's a lot money
I think that's every country and it's
because people want more money people
like me and people are
oh god I don't have that appertain jeast
oh my oh my oh oh crap my crap was
missing a very key component there
Shawn Simonis says not exactly the same
thing but related to Prince of Thieves
earlier I was talking about Robin Hood
Prince of Thieves I thought I had made
up the action figures because no one
knew what I was talking about when I
described some of them are repurposed a
lot figures when I described playing
with them as a kid as at the
babysitter's house Friar Tuck was a
gomorian guard with a different head
slapped onto it really yeah that's great
it is great that's great
I do not remember Robin Hood Prince at
these action figures but I absolutely
believe they exist what a strange movie
Robin Hood Prince of Thieves
what a strange stranger
they got very close they're rich yes I
know they did big very very close this
is a very hard line I think it might be
the hardest level in the game okay my
opinion my worthless opinion
I think the action figure I played with
the most as a kid was probably probably
nice I think for most of my friends it
was it was probably she man toys but for
those parents you man for you know for
my friends my friend by a lot of my
friends played with him in your friend a
little bit older um probably I say
friends like my older cousins maybe
because because of our age difference
yeah have it assumed you missed out on
he men I did I didn't care about you man
at all but your friends who are your age
did or maybe they got their toys from
there I mean they cared about the toys I
don't remember ever watching the show
but they definitely had toys they had
he-man toys okay
so can't afford that allergies
I don't think anybody's gotten through
you mentioned there's a lot of good
stuff to watch on Netflix any
recommendations new season of
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is out which
is great I just got done watching and
loving the losting space reboot which is
fan-fucking-tastic just absolutely
fantastic colossal space feel about if
you haven't seen it yet watch dark edge
engine which is a German sci-fi whoa
show they came very close
dark is very good American vandal that's
a great one thing to chat American
vandal which is a mock true crime
documentary and just perfect just
absolutely perfect
I can afford death for to be a bit more
safe there's a lot of really good things
I think actually this is the this is the
mace and tar trap set up yeah I was
talking about that is very effective
especially with your little wall cavern
there the medium enemies aren't gonna
get through yeah it's gonna kill all
little ones are fast enough that some of
them are gonna sneak through okay and
the big odors can tank it sure
but against these guys is safe they see
one one got through but I had on right
firepit there I think the first two
seasons of broadchurch are on Netflix if
you if you like detective shows
broadchurch is very good
yeah stranger things of course I assume
everyone knows
stranger things cited me does it have to
be a Netflix exclusive no rewatching
it's old oldest fuck now I'm kind of
shocked howl it is Ken Burns Civil War
oh yeah the Ken Burns document all that
is so good he's a fine filmmaker yeah
yes absolutely I will absolutely be
watching that a new doctor who now that
they have a new showrunner I will be
there episode 1 very excited that they
have a new showrunner the the showrunner
who old what's-his-face got the boot old
what's-his-face got the boot and
actually the guy who was in charge of
broadchurch which was a show I very much
enjoy is the new show handsome so yeah
I'm very excited when it comes out when
I'm very I am I'm onboard new doctor new
people in charge I'm there oh yeah the
first couple seasons of the expanse are
in Netflix so if you want to catch up
without having cable watch the first
couple seasons of expanse that's a
fantastic show
be prepared for some slightly I think
I've always described it as slightly
cheesy characters or some
one-dimensional so like stop characters
who stock sci-fi characters but the
story or the expanse is so engaging that
highly recommend
ah gobbledygook I didn't much care for
altered carbon be perfect today did it
rich
I know I know that was not easy though I
agreed to arc matter Moffat wrote some
amazing episode while Russell T Davies
was showrunner but I just don't think
that I think once Moffat had ultimate
control over everything that was that he
started making really dumb decisions I
didn't much care for alpha : did you
want to alter carpet at all no no III
didn't I didn't get into it that much it
seemed like it could be a really
interesting premise in world but I
really did not I didn't get into it I
didn't like it had some really neat
ideas altered carbon yeah yeah I saw
this it was very um a host the one we
want was the one who left and best of
the works really stuck out and from from
the from the body and leave your body
and cold still remember best of the
worst movie that was oh it was a
hologram man right hologram yeah that's
it
it's very hologram it sounds like such a
war movie think I was trying to take
about horror movies but no that was that
was a future cop movie where they suck
out your soul buddy
as all recovered is very much like that
where they can kind of like copy your
brain and they can put your brain in
different bodies can you undo you them
too late to select my things I should
have brought the wind belt or a lava pit
down here yep
fuck fuck fuck some of the case it was
very much like hologram man where they
can like make a copy of your brain and
then put it in any body you want and it
had some neat kind of like classes ideas
about like you know the rich people
getting all the good bodies and not
having to worry about diseases or
whatever that would be so effective
right now
yeah you could kill all those people
but it was it was bad
not to be confused with Slade Craven
right
he wasn't Slade Craven because that was
the guy from high velocity what was his
name what was the bad guy's name
in hologram man
/ Gallagher yes mr. tummy giggles you've
got it / Gallagher how much older mind
than Jack five years sure about yeah
yeah yeah which enough old enough for me
to have he-men be a part of my life and
to be shocked that you had friends your
age or just the toys well that's the
thing like now at this point in our life
five years nothing no no yeah but yeah
but when you're a kid it makes a big
difference in the shows that you watch
yeah or the things that you are into
like you're you're super into GI Joe you
said you really liked Transformers
he-man that kind of stuff and that was
just a little bit before my time GI Joe
was so long lived one of my thing I am a
millennial I'm absolutely a millennial
but that's the thing like people people
throw around the term millennial like
it's a negative thing but like there's a
ton of us Millennials who are in our you
know mid 30s to 40s
Millennials are our fuckin adults and
also adults
no that's good enough that's good now I
like that
until later I suppose
you will be back
trout nine cases hijack hi rich Jack how
about that binding of issac Kickstarter
you very excited about it rich
desert island game XCOM to enemy unknown
or XCOM - that's what they were asking
yeah XM - I like them balls x times
better okay
you think you can replay X down two more
yeah as far as especially cuz the
fucking randomized maps oh sure sure I
think that's good yeah that's the really
the most important thing with any desert
island game just like how much play time
can I get out of this
howdy gents says Dexter sinister just
finished we are legion we are Bob which
I now have downloaded as an audio book
yeah I'm very excited to listen to it
it's good I haven't got a reason if it
were to be adapted who would like who
would you like to see cast is Bob which
I have to get to you dream can't is like
will say lifetime dream casting and in
current dream casting well I did you
think about it I'm I can't I can't do
this in that I can't I can't do it
someone show me and a comedian someone
chubby and a kid but not wacky chubby a
comedian but not necessarily wacky yeah
Kenan Thompson I don't know names you'll
have the name like a part I know and I
don't know anything he's a longtime cast
member on SNL louis c.k now to brough
someone like Horatio Sanz you need like
a fat computer nerd someone who can do
computer nerd
hmm okay yeah everyone now is saying
Wayne Knight which yes
so like Patton Oswalt
maybe yeah
the role he was born to play computers
excellent doctor truck but mud yes this
I think I think a lot of people will
initially be turned off by the expanse
because you know characters are a little
stock maybe a little cheesy but if you
can stick it past the first couple of
episodes the story will hook you I
guarantee it
I'm glad you enjoyed it dr. Wayne Knight
is still alive yes
yes and all the space stuff is gorgeous
in the expanse I love every time they
get into like ship maneuvering stuff
because they do they do it so well it
reminds me a lot of the Battlestar
Galactica reboot when like piloting in
space was this three dimensional thing
and and I think the expanse does an
amazing job of like just dealing with
the realities of three-dimensional space
piloting and extreme G's and you know
doping people on the ships when they're
doing these awesome maneuvers and
magnetic boots whenever you're walking
around it's just great fucking great
everything about
yeah that Orca said now yes let's see
here greetings bran flakes is greetings
I'm reading Watchmen for the first time
and I'm wondering how it ranks among
your favorite graphic novels it's up
there it's not really up there I don't
have I don't have a 1 to 10 list
uh-huh but it's up there right with
preacher they're entirely different
things
but I I can only agree is it's up there
it's a fantastic it's a fantastic book
The Watchmen just a just a fantastic
book it's it's one of it's like it's
part of only a handful of graphic novels
that I've actually specifically and
purpose for his rereading over the years
where you just want to put through every
every time I've reread the Watchmen I've
noticed some detail in the art yeah that
I didn't notice before like there are so
many hidden smiley faces like just a
pattern to the clouds with like a you
see through a window with a streak of
rain going down that it's the smiley
face with a blood drop basically the
watchman is just fucking littered with
with just visual repetitions yeah
it's it's fucking great it's it's a
fucking great book like as far as like
graphic novels that I have reread over
the years mm-hmm and you know I wouldn't
even these other two like I wouldn't
even put up there but like the the
Johnny the homicidal maniac complete
collection is something that I loved
when I was like getting into comics and
I have the the complete collection of
Johnny the homicidal maniac which i
think is fantastic and scud the
disposable assassin the the whole
shebang now and neither of those are
classics like what the Watchmen is a
classic those are just three books that
I've read
over the years
yeah hold him invest is that that Johnny
the homicidal maniac that might have
been my like my intro in my introduction
to like indie comics yeah whereas like
you can do this in comic books what you
can do whatever you want all the time a
little present for you one for you wait
a minute
yeah listen back in the day like when
invader zim I remember back in the day
when invader zim was was just like
speculation that it was going to be a
real TV show and everyone at least up
amongst my group of friends going ape
shit because the Johnny the homicidal
maniac guy was getting a nickle of 1813
that's right Scott the homicidal maniac
from Milwaukee's own Rob from
if you if you can't find it I don't know
what it's probably on YouTube somewhere
but if you want to see a really fun
piece of work Rob Straub did a video
short called robot bastard and it's just
this little like DIY crafts video short
and it's it's really fantastic really
one of those like imagination is bigger
than your budget and so you kind of use
your small budget to your advantage if
you have if you have a moment go look up
robot fast
oh yeah no the fuck bot was not inspired
by robot bastard and I no longer have
the fuck pod costume as it was made of
cardboard was not built to last
what are you saying I am quite frankly
shocked it lasted as long as it did yeah
it was it was quite literally two
cardboard boxes covered with aluminum
foil that's it that's the whole costume
it was built for a 48 hour film project
yes what you build
you know props for that to last that's
what you're thinking I think we're gonna
shoot with this every week so no the
fuck pod is no more we have a little
scrapper
let's see here a nun says hey you hacks
thanks for playing this game it was one
of the first games I bought on my Steam
account right behind torchlight 2 in the
sixth grade I had a question on how did
you find your career pathway that you
love doing I graduated high school and
I'm lost
rich yeah how'd you find your career
pathway I met Mike in high school there
you go
yeah and I was a bit of a bull Shh what
the hell is that
exploding cobalt suicide cobalt oh I was
a bit of an aimless you die I I did not
choose a direction yeah I got the one of
us this The Weavers that led you upgrade
things yeah the trap path yeah one of
them involves state physics traps effect
odors that was yeah yeah that's great so
I was a bit of an aimless youth a I
didn't quite know the direction I wanted
to go right out of high school or I mean
four years after it to be honest but
really it was just kind of the stuff I
was doing an opportunity knocks so I was
I was already making videos and I was
making dumb videos and because I kept
making them eventually the opportunity
came up to make one for money and then
you know oh my god I can make money off
of this I can do this for money but I
was already dude look watch them fly
around it's the big ones are what is so
funny
but I mean you know a lot of my life
listen a very short amount of my life I
have been making money with the thing
that I like doing yeah all the rest of
it all the rest of my working time we've
talked about it like I was a dispatcher
I was a butcher I managed a storage
facility listen I like I did not have
glamorous jobs worn many hats yes and
sometimes that's what it takes it what's
that oh and then they all attack ya and
then it blows up oh that's great that
you know that is that's a good concept
out there so I having a little bit of
fun that's someone having a little bit
of fun I think that's great
which entertaining is less entertained
watch this ruse lay the spire God your
taste of game sucks dude
and you know what we're talking about
shit is fun you're getting you know what
you're getting here you guys are getting
A+ grade Orcs Must Die strats you are
you can watch rich Evans and get all the
mad strats and you're not appreciative
of that fuck off
get the get those strats man get them so
okay so you're just out of high school a
friend who wants to know about career
paths you number one you got to work
because you need money to like buy food
and like pay for a place to live so you
just get any job and then if you're not
happy with that job you need to start
finding that thing you like and
sometimes the best way to do it is just
to find another job keep hitting the
pavement and if you're lucky enough if
you're like us lucky few you can turn
that thing that you like doing into a
job but then of course you stop really
enjoying it for the passion and it turns
into a job but that's a whole nother
level so don't worry about that but no I
think I was incredibly incredibly lucky
but also I was doing the thing I was
making videos and I was having fun and
then because I was making videos someone
said hey I'll give you money to make a
video oh oh shit yeah I'll do that and
then that lets steam rolled into some
good opportunities so the orcs are
dancing to this woman's thing that makes
York's debt I heard Star Wars commentary
videos are very lucrative that's the way
to do it well probably not anymore I
don't know just you got to fight you got
to find the next thing what's gonna be
the next thing commentary videos I don't
know decisive
beer corn says Jack was right except for
turning what I loved into career I
eventually found a job that I loved
doing and stuck with that until it
became a career good time
I mean it we're saying the same thing
which was just you know sometimes
unfortunately sometimes the best way to
figure out what you do like is by
crossing off the things you don't like
Clark
yaagh one this is Jack Witcher 3 skill
yuge is okay but to Saints is amazing
also hearts of stone is best Witcher 3
story by farm and I don't know if I've
gotten that far look I'm I'm an
incredibly slow gamer I'm really
enjoying the witcher 3 so I'm really
taking my time I'm barely fucking around
with the main story I'm doing all the
side missions I don't know many of the
words you were talking about the the the
fake town names in Witcher 3 the board
armor
that's why that's been my my great
personal game just like the game that
I'm playing and for Christ's sake don't
go to college just to kill time I mean
unless you have that kind of disposable
income I don't know many people who do
yeah you know some people find out what
they want to do in college some people
don't don't feel pressured to go to
college because it's very expensive and
it doesn't work out for everyone I went
to a cheap-ass college I went to the
cheap-ass college that I could afford
and ended up not finishing it because I
was having a bad time
but you know it wasn't going to teach me
anything I want to smile but it does
work for some people some people find
out the thing they want to do and I
there's no good advice I can give you I
can just keep talking which is my career
path now just keep talking
that's the thing encephalopathy if you
only benefit to expensive colleges the
networking that's I think for from
everyone I know who is successful you'll
be back and who went to college that is
the one big takeaway I have which is the
reason that they are currently in the
position they are in is not because of
what they learned in college but who
they met in college yeah almost 100
percent of all of the very successful
people I know that's where their success
came who they met
because it's a great place to meet
people with life
and I'm not saying that as a negative
either I'm trying to get legitimate
advice which is you know make friends
and be part of clubs and to do group
activities where you can contribute and
be part of a team and then later if one
person on that team gets successful
they'll remember everyone who is helpful
on the team oh hey I'm successful now
and that can bring you with you know
I'll get you I get you a foot in the
door and that's how it works
or as Beefcake posted step 1 go to film
school step 2
film your cat step 3 profit film your
cat film your cat I'm sure there are
several that's the most important thing
you till your camp I'm sure there are
several successful YouTube personalities
who only film that grumpy cat that's
like eating him do anything with his
daddy because his catches looks funny he
just took a picture of his cat yeah I
know compared to like keyboard cats
right he made a little fun little shirt
make some hands oh he did a little funky
can't just look that cat was born into
it
cat was born yeah he didn't earn it of
grumpy cat yeah I know I can understand
if you want to be resentful about grumpy
cat
well grumpy cats a cat so I'm not
resentful of the cat and you know I'm
happy for the owner of grumpy cat they
found a way to win they got a dice roll
and they won that dice roll
congratulations
grumpy jet has actually it has book
deals grumpy cat had a movie
grumpy cat went legit like I'm sure at
one point grumpy cat's owner got an
agent good good for you
they were hustling they got it
I jump in and help I'm getting and
getting more money it's letting the
traps hey you're just there as your
there is insurance where there is
backups just impress you takes amazing
fucking combo scores
this is them killing it jack yeah I'm
killing it that's great that's great
captain president says Jack as a clown
what group of people are your natural
enemies mimes magicians clergy yes I'd
say the clergy for sure i clergy aren't
our natural enemies because clergies see
clowns as a gateway like you know the
Christian clown and get the kids into
the pews right yeah and that's what it's
all about
now the clown's worst enemy is the is
the sourpuss if it is the grump as' who
doesn't want to have any rich rich Evans
so good the grunt the clown's natural
enemies rich Evans 100% because rich
Evans is not there to have a good time
not there to have any fun no and it's
not gonna is gonna call the clown out on
all his own bullshit that the clown's
just doing that you entertain the
children rich Evans gonna go that's fake
the club bullshit that's fake we're thus
unaware that the rabbit was in the Hat
the whole time dickhead and he'll say
that in front of a group of children
which will make the clown's job children
too so yeah
that's why your say that's why you've
come to this children's birthday party
just to yell at the clown and the
children and mine in my mom my scenario
you're crashing a child's birthday party
just to yell it over
also a lot of a lotta jakk you're a
clown eccentric questions today I don't
know why that is clown related news I
have no I I don't remember hearing any
sound related news I'm on all the
newsletters too so I said the clown news
let all the clown newsletters all the
good ones I mean listen everyone stop
subscribing to to clown daily as soon as
new management took over became too
political everyone some subscribed all
the good clown inside it so I haven't
heard anything big
killing it nobody gets hurt fucking
autopilot now it's done
is that the downside of the of the third
person action mechanics is eventually
you get so good at the other stuff that
you don't need to do anything
no that's reverted actually okay but
this this level is kind of easy once you
once you get this set up this level
becomes easy okay but there are other
levels coming up that aren't aren't such
a gimme sure
Prague nation says hey guys I've been
playing guitar cried fun and I've been
really enjoying it I feel like it's
definitely the kind of game you both
would enjoy keep up the good work and
great job on the Christian Bale Batman
Thank You Craig nation and I don't even
remember far cry 5 what was that one I
don't know what that was shangri-la yeah
far cries far cry - but that will be
like China and shangri-la was the
gimmicky five oh yeah yeah oh if I
remember right all over all I know it
could be thinking a forum the 11th one
the only far cry I know is is the Blood
Dragon the crazy 80 oh that's yeah the
rest of them aren't really that much
like that oh okay fire crime is America
okay
I'm Lena polar then oh good and I mean I
might ever party it's a first-person
shooter right yep I might like it I
remember I I just I don't remember much
about it it didn't look crazy
interesting to me
famous originally just for its engine
which did amazing large outdoor jungle
areas well okay the krycek-- yeah yeah I
know things so it was famous for that
and then they made a game around it they
needed something to show off the engine
dr. Louvre it up says hey Jack hey rich
I did a bit of research and found out
that mr. Wiggles has had a wheel the
worst reference yeah is still doing his
dancing man thing however his current
site is wig Z dot fizz WI G is EEE that
is if you ever want to look at some
stellar web design check out his old
site on archived on over it's pretty
amazing
ok great I mean good good good for you
mr. wiggle what was mr. Wiggles young
episode he's a street dancer ok who had
to put out a video he filmed on a VHS
tape in front of the table huh sounds
great sounds great
go to work up coming up I didn't watch
the episode this is me yeah I felt bad
but you know the Canadians were innocent
ants and it's a wheel episode and I'll
get to it I'll get you know you know
what I was watching instead but I could
have watched it or I could have watched
the first two episodes of The Venture
Brothers oh I saw the first term says
yeah yeah you hated it all right I got
it
here's what i'm here's what i'm gonna
guess okay here's here's exactly what
I'm gonna guess because the ventures I
mean this came out in what two thousand
and something like 14 years ago 2003
yeah yeah this came out a long time ago
right
yeah and so uh what I'm what I'm sure of
is in 2003 this was like cutting-edge
coming
well you're watching not the best
episodes right all right before you give
it up but it's it's also it's also like
- I wanna I'm not saying it's bad I'm
just saying it didn't do it for me it's
also a joke that at this point in time
has been done a lot right
what's the episode chat with the pirates
what's that one called ghosts of the
Sargassum what's what's like the best
episode of Venture Brothers to watch for
Jack yeah give me an episode let me
watch it because like they're all on
Hulu though I can watch them what Jack
like a baron underbite episode
for the first full season I don't know
if I got a full season in me give me
like one or two episodes to watch okay
all right chat figure this out figure
this out actually there's be a
complicated straw poll to set out like
thee the first season of Venture
Brothers episodes just do a straw poll
hmm I'm which is which are the best two
episodes per Jack to watch ghosts of the
Sargasso is one of the best episodes
okay like in general that was great
okay the the dr. Orpheus episodes great
at least the first one with him there I
mean he's a good character
I liked I liked a lot of dr. strange
basically becomes a tenant I liked a lot
of what they were doing and I I sensed a
lot of their bits it just wasn't very
biting like the comedy wasn't very
biting and tag sale yeah
tag sale you're it that's a good episode
okay that's like a jack-up so because
there's lots of supervillain stuff in
that one tag sale you're it yeah okay
and like I said the Venture Brothers
gets progressively better
season-by-season well and this is what
I'm thinking yeah so what what I'm
thinking is back in 2003 for those who
started watching the operation from was
like the last thing you watch that's not
a starter episode operation from
somebody recommended an episode that was
basically written to be the season
finale back in the series finale back in
season four when they didn't know if
they're gonna be reviewed and it's
fucking excellent it is not where I
would start with the show well so
basically what I'm saying is for those
who started watching back in the day
this was probably you know like nobody's
saying all of season 1 after episode 4
yeah gonna take him take him a little
while to get their groove but not too
long
I'm sorry pretty sure I'm sure
no I can't I you interacting me so many
times I'm so excited to talk to somebody
about the Venture Brothers fuck's sake
yeah it's all though it's alright and I
could see why you would like it in 2003
I like it now but you've also grown with
the show and there's probably so many
like in jokes and referential jokes and
I knew he's gonna do this back and forth
I knew he was gonna do I know he was
gonna Farscape my ass that I could
really see someone getting into the
venture brothers and thinking like oh is
this amazing thing but like coming into
it now or it's like it's fine it's fine
it's fine
I'm not saying it's bad alright
it's also it's longer than I thought it
was gonna be I thought they were gonna
be 15-minute episodes but they're like
full 22 basically Jack you've just
watched episode 1 & 2 of TNG season 1
well the pilot yeah I think that's a
fair comparison pilots not that I don't
I don't like the pilot well the ninja
yeah yeah that's not that's not par for
the course okay the show is very
different by the time you get into
season 5 well I assume a kid by the time
you get into season 5 I'll give it more
of a run oh I'm not done I just wanted
to give you my feelings first two
episodes in I swear there is stuff
you'll enjoy once they start getting
more into the politics of the villains
yeah that's some fun stuff
I'll keep keep chugging along but that's
that that doesn't really start hardcore
like season 2 no and I know I just said
I just told everyone you have to bear a
low you have to bear a little bit of the
cheesiness in the first couple of
episodes of the expanse but then you'll
be hooked on the story and ident that by
the end of
of episode 2 you're hooked on the story
and even episode 1 there is so much good
world in the expanse and there is so
much good story you'll just you'll just
stop caring about the cheesy kerosene
promising I'm gonna give it more of a
chance but two episodes in is not the
words to food and didn't be the two
episodes to be Venture Brothers I'm not
I'm not impressed
yes yeah yeah yes scaping through the
riches to forge her own kingdom she's
ordered steak potatoes he ate one potato
saying in Leo's on mash I ordered steak
potatoes and I took one bite of Eve and
so far it's me do claim yes you
shouldn't be sure my apprentice is
unteachable know every there's three
chapters to the game so anyway I'll give
it a few more okay I swear it's great
I'll give it a few more episodes I swear
it's fantastically amazing I'll do it
again
all right David II know people says hey
nerds Davey D no people here still in
quit oh this will happen still in cui
toe when I heard the u.s. bullied
Ecuador into voting against the
breastfeeding agenda decided with breast
milk production lobbyists just wondering
if you had any thoughts on this anyway
syrup my pork pancakes what I have no
idea what you're talking about or if
that's a real thing or anything I have
no idea
David II know people I have no idea
about the US Ecuadorian breastfeeding
politics and I'm sorry that I don't
so
I'm I think just in general I'm sorry
for my country at the moment how about
that as just a blanket statement dr. Lu
bit upses have either of you checked out
the Donkey Kong dlc for Mario's I know
I'm part way through it and loving it so
far rabid Peach is great as always and
Donkey Kong's mobility adds a ton of fun
gameplay options it sounds okay I
haven't played it I can't I can't
comment on something late okay
Oh Thank You praxis praxis once let me
know I'm totally wrong about South
American politics even though I just
read what someone else wrote even though
I just read with someone else wrote and
then said that I know nothing about it
I'm wrong so I feel good about that
yeah I feel good
Thanks
oh yeah and I saw I saw earlier in a
chat as we were talking about The
Venture Brothers someone was wondering
about why we have the Batman Catwoman
counter in the lower court this month
actually the issue came out on July 4 we
Batman number 50 had announced the big
event for Batman number 50 which was
Batman and Catwoman were going to get
married yes and we I heard about well we
both heard about the Batman cattleman er
yes I think we both scoffed at the idea
that a comic book character is going to
be able to be married that this isn't
just a gimmick that will be undone
shortly right and so then I made a I
made an official prediction which was
that the marriage would not and I want
to say it like my wording was very
specific here which was they would not
be married within six months hmm
you know whether that means one of them
died or got memory loss or what you know
whatever comic book bullshit they would
think of right and and so we started a
counter you know to lead up to Batman
and Catwoman getting married and spoiler
alert for Batman number 50 the end of
the issue
Catwoman decided not very bad
fucking awful publicity stuff what what
a heartless publicity stunt don't don't
even let him have one issue they don't
even let him have one goddamn issue
where they're happy and married and in
love how much did you see - I'm not
spending much time in comic book shops
offensive is what they did and they
hyped it enough to where I don't read
Batman comics and I knew it was a thing
how about that did you know it was a
thing yeah well from our chat oh I knew
it was a thing outside of our chat it
just popped up in the regular news so
that's how much they hype dude
that man is married to the job damn it
and that's what Catwoman thought too
Catwoman was worried that that as soon
as Batman was happy he would no longer
fight crime oh he can just run right
through this yeah he's especially he
only chases after you and like your
archers he's a douche
when was the married timer updated it
was updated right before we started
trimming they have still been married
four zero days so how about that
that's a goodly right Jay I mean I mean
I know you're not used to it
enjoying it I like it I mean I wasn't
you know 100% accurate but I was
definitely correct so I'm just gonna
soak it in at least for one more screen
stream just soak in being correct yes
what Master Yoda no Superman was not the
best man
Alfred was which I think was very cool
and I actually I said this on Twitter I
think there was a lot of them there was
a lot of decent like fan service and
good you know schultzy emotional writing
how is it not Dick Grayson how is it not
Alfred well more like he's more like the
father well the best man usually isn't
your dad the the way they the way they
described it is they weren't having a
traditional wedding they were getting
married on a rooftop with a drunken
judge who wouldn't remember that he
married them okay and so they weren't
having a traditional best man and matron
of honor they were just having two
witnesses and so Alfred was just
Batman's witness and then Catwoman had
her friend who was her witness so if if
Batman had to choose one person that's
to be at his wedding I think it should
be helping okay I liked that because
that I thought at first that he was
gonna ask out for it tomorrow
Selena down the aisle as Alfred is the
father figure but with just one witness
now I think that's that's a good call
I think that was a good call oh shit did
you just completely forget about a door
I thought they're only coming through
from the other side fuck my nutsack
restarting level I'm thinking about it
thinking about it
I really thought they were just coming
through from that one side fuck fuck
fuck
double fuck that was annoying entirely
my fault Cousteau's has a very important
question here which is did Alfred at
least wear a mask
it would have been awfully suspicious
that Bruce Wayne's Butler ended up being
Batman's best man even if the judge was
drunk or whatever no he did not wear a
mask
actually in Batman was not in costume he
was in a tuxedo on a rooftop and Selena
was not in costume but no there was you
know there's a lot of sweetness there
was a lot of like they were doing kind
of a call-and-response comic issue where
you know like what was happening in
present day was was Bruce and selina
were getting ready for the wedding and
then they kept like flashing back to
memories of each other and with every
flashback that she had a different
artist to handle every flashback so you
get a lot of different hairstyle really
nice and then you know they would have
these like you know sweet character
moments like oh I remember the first
time Matt and I remember he stopped me
doing this but why was his heartfelt and
earnest and that was all those little
goblins bring each other back to life
yeah I started a jack and I did worse
I noticed I did well really arrogant and
you talk like a history book impossible
it was a little disappointing I got I
got to be unbecoming and Catwoman
decided it's not to marry a little and
then it's just like a what the fuck one
for you we say or do you let your
characters grow please let your
characters do something the camp the
camp look those characters really aged
Batman would be dead of an inch by now
Batman would well wait he's already he
already should be able to based on is a
continuity right kill you guys that's
the mistake I made
this alert mr. Joshua TX this is rich I
was thinking about giving next-gen a try
it's great ever watched a Star Trek
series before oh so no sorry never
watched a Star Trek series before I
thought there isn't your question they
were commenting that they have never
watched this series before
do I need to start from the pilot or is
there a better jumping-off point
well right I've gotten into arguments
with people in the chat about this I'd
I'd suggest starting at season 3 it's
not like there's a long-running story
you need to worry about and that's when
the show gets really good this season 3
season 1 is awful season 1 is absolutely
awful and like season 2 is very spotty
there's some amazing episodes in season
2 but there are also some of the literal
worst episodes and and I can you know I
I like all of next-gen but I can agree
with your thought process here which is
once you are already a fan of Star Trek
you can go back watch season 1 and
season yes yeah if you like what you see
then you can go back yeah so I even
though I like season 1 in season 2 I'm
also found so I agree with us
see if I cannot suck this time yes Jesus
Christ it's such a fucking stupid
oversight and it was just stupid
oversight so what happened last time you
when you gobbled up all your stuff over
there and then you just didn't replace
anything I'm not replacing stuff over
here yeah and then this section was
always kind of lightly defended I was
mostly defending this by hand yeah and
then anime started coming out over here
and I didn't see on the map but the red
dots had come out from that side that
didn't have any
gee I hope nobody gets hurt no I know Oh
shiny
yeah but encounter at Farpoint head
ninjas is that true
encounter as though we had ninjas
yeah that's grip distance but it's great
and I think you know the entire series
is on Netflix right I think so up next
rim
anonymous says hey guys your co-op pub
gee streams and human fall flat streams
are some of my favorite screens that you
guys have done any co-op streams coming
up anytime soon we kind of make it up as
we go along right it's never out of the
question as long as there's a game we
want to play you know this is literally
just I was in the mood for Orcs Must Die
yep it'll hurt a lot we didn't plan this
like a week in advance we'd never do
because if we ever did by the time we
got to extreme he'd say yeah you know
what I'm actually feeling some
difference yeah we usually wing it as
usually
every Star Trek series except discovery
is on Netflix there you go
panic on where you live discovery is -
oh that's true
outside of the US you do New York New
York
what a bunch of York's what do you want
to do
stand strong yes
tgd I mean here in the u.s. at least TNG
is on Netflix the entire series from
what I remember I think that's the the
last time Lisa and I binge in that's
where we watched it was on Netflix
because you know we were doing the same
thing everyone does which is you you
look through Netflix trying to
desperately trying to draw oh they got
TMG yeah that's Yugi
and I think Voyager is as well not
saying you should do it
but this is fun in there yeah but for
pleasure that's what we did we we've
been to TNG you and then we've been
foraging
season 1 episode 8
TNG justice the episode where Wesley
breaks a greenhouse and is nearly
executed this way
oh yeah that's like the planet if
everyone's wearing like a skimpy toga
right yeah and Wesley didn't know the
rules one of the many horrible season 1
episodes I honestly I just don't
specifically remember that episode so I
can't
I can't comment but if I remember
correctly that that seems like a kind of
a classic
Captain Picard conundrum you know like
we want to follow the rules but we also
don't want any of our crew to die I must
figure out a way to solve the problem
diplomatically
and you know I I know it gets shit but I
like the pilot
I like the pilot cue the big alien
not yes my Picard impression is just in
my haircut even though I think season
one didn't Picard still have the the
crown I don't think he went full balls
until later seasons
I think everyone football is it summer
summer it gets shorter as it might get
shorter at some point but I don't think
he ever had no hair okay except in
nemesis his clone had no harem good old
time are you still working that's great
you're doing great am i you're doing
great
perfect it took you a couple saves come
but you did
yeah but you did I'm saying what I'm
saying is he did it
I know well that's got me annoyed is
that one her that first one sure not hmm
you shouldn't what I think of Star Trek
beyond it's great it's the best of the
new ones is she lying yeah great that
was a great movie there's a limit to how
long it was it was a fun little space
adventure is what it was
sure yeah beyonds a great movie
it's got the shouting and the beats
beats she says oh you're right I forgot
about that wine
shit yeah I like this it has the
shouting and the beats embrace you're in
it I don't know if that's it's something
like that is something very close that
but I don't know it's cute cute they
have to use their wits to get out of the
situation I feel like that was another
instance though of kind of wasting
interest Elba I feel like almost
everyone who has ever cast him wastes
interest Elba he actually played the
main bad guy a Star Trek beyond
beats and shout yeah devil that's kind
of what is he was just a very generic
villain and and just yeah just not but
yeah I guess it's really not about the
villain Star Trek beyond is not about
having a super captivating feeling he
was there so they could so they could
you know ride motorcycles and and
teleport themselves what what
nope as ours where it is I just don't
know if that'll help
winning this clicks or glitch actually
I need the things who tells us I've
never seen the wire but I've heard good
things about loser
you know the way you constantly nag nag
nag to these cut the flowers it's not
letting me push it down right on the
ground
this is gonna be a fucking mess
maybe not
hey maybe not it's still bad guy there's
nothing that he's a red
was that red eye Oh hot spots where
people died so you can better place
crafts okay there we fucking go
Jesus why was that so fucking hard he
left an opening decison oh that's I've
had to rearrange things while trying to
get the setup that I'm bad that would
have been very bad
i'll be--i'll the orcs would have gone
around an interesting choice
I remember a lot of people talk about
the French back what screams no all I
remember hearing about friends is a
bunch of people saying like and like it
gets good like the like out of out of
the three seasons the last two episodes
of season three are pretty good but you
got to make it through that all the rest
of its really understand of happy
very well
princes grades I know I don't believe
you I don't believe you
it has Pacey in it how good can it be
nicely done thank you doing great that's
all
my cut up on Legion Westeros I'm kind of
on Legion there's a weird second season
not not as good as the first season but
still I enjoyed it I enjoyed where we're
going
not as weird as that would like it to be
not caught up on what others told me to
watch the last episode the finale the
season finale but they've been doing
they've been doing some great work
Westworld season 2 has been getting
really you know wonderfully violence and
appropriately weird do you know what
I've been watching that I've been really
enjoying and that I was I was a little
worried about when I started watching it
is the cloak and dagger of series Oh
another Netflix one it's not on Netflix
actually it's on freeform oh and I know
what you're saying
what is free for that's exactly what
you're saying free the free form is a
television I believe it's a replay of a
rebranding of Disney family it's it's a
rebranding of ABC Family Channel that is
now going more like between early 27th
century with their programming and so
they you know they they have cloak and
dagger which you know very obscure comic
characters but they've they've rebooted
it as you know very like they're the two
teams and they they got these powers and
the teams yeah yeah and here's the thing
a little hokey at times especially when
we get into some of the apparently they
have some some psychic type powers a
little hokey but pretty good cloak like
CGI
the cloak yeah he has his giant ass
cloak that sucks people into another
dimension looks like it's like a portal
okay if you can like treat he came like
teleport what does it float around like
baby he doesn't have a cloak it and he
okay he hasn't really figured out the
teleportation thing yet
he's still working on it's year one but
but actually they they do a lot of
really great like in-camera edits of
them like getting accidentally
teleported in places and using their
powers the way they're they're doling
out their power slowly has been very
nice and it is you know it's obviously
like teen drama schmaltz yeah but if
you're okay with that it's not a bad
show shockingly not about you
young adult audience means its feel like
12 year olds oh yeah they're gone
they're gone for they're going for
strict teens with this one hormones and
dealing with drugs it's not bad it's not
bad at all I've been I've been enjoying
it it's been a good pace and as compared
to I've been having some problems I've
been I've been trying to watch season
two of Luke Cage and still hate Luke a
oh it's so bad riche i want like you
know i just want it to be i'd stand for
mediocre at this point but it's just
every episode is so bad and i think one
of the one of the things wrong with Luke
Cage is it's not is this like the
Venture Brothers were you're the only
one who doesn't like it no I think a lot
of people don't like this okay I think
but I am I am NOT digging it at all and
I think one of my problems with Luke
Cage is as an action show because that's
one of the reasons why I like superhero
comics um as an action show is lacking
there's not a lot of good action and
then beyond that I don't think it's
really saying anything like you know if
you look at Jessica Jones another show
that that is lacking in action is it
obligated to be saying well I think it
either needs to have good action or it
needs to have a good story either or and
and a good story in my in my head says
something
so it's know it is like daredevil that
doesn't say anything that's just action
schlock and I like it because it knows
what it is it's about ninjas to fight
each other great there doesn't pull they
got
and so in my mind you either need to
have good action or you need to say
something in Luke Cage it waffles it
doesn't really have a purpose like story
elements lead places but it doesn't
really matter as just waffles it waffles
all over the place right and I think
that's one of the one of the reasons why
I like this cloak and dagger is like I
do I feel like they're their show is
about something and I dig that what is
it about oh you know like the general
teen stuff it deals with some race stuff
some class issues it's I think it's
trying to say something sometimes a
little ham-fisted but hey
I'll take it I know I didn't much care
for the Punisher show it was alright not
enough punish him in my body in the
punishment I think I think they were
trying to ride the line of is he a good
guy or a bad guy he's a bad guy
exactly well if they would have gone
that route like he's just a bad guy he
kills all the people I would have loved
it but I think everyone would've loved
that
they tried to ride that line so I did
not big the Punisher it was like it was
alright but it wasn't it wasn't what it
could be
I do I do love teen angst
I'm down with that
like rubber rubber fist fight Jon
Bernthal is the perfect palmistry the
the actor who plays The Punisher huh did
you ever see a season 2 of daredevil do
you finish oh I never finished it okay I
saw I saw the first part with Punisher
sure I know he comes back later but I
mean if he was good
did you see him in prison oh just a
little bit he says okay I didn't see any
kind of prison action oh yeah you didn't
see him go full Punisher then yeah
that's it like I feel like that sequence
in daredevil season 2 was just pure
Punisher just like him doing his thing
and I loved that and I think he was
really good one as Frank Castle at one
as a Punisher like his his whole thing
with daredevil right and auto a buddy
stop I'm just I'm fond of this little no
