E3 2018ing (Part 1)
June 13, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5i-9XedyyM

Maria's high definition for the first
time let's see well know exactly when
the stream starts and just started oh
that's right
oh my God look what oh that's all that
works that's gonna be that's I love it
that's gonna be really weird man I love
it it's gonna be really weird that is
great very strange rich there's the nice
I'll just try going like that so easy to
use yeah give myself bunny ears in the
past oh my god what is happening
look our background it's crazy it's
great time your skirt yes I needed a
video card so we this is our first
stream for oh yeah X out of that this is
our first stream like side of that -
great hey there we go
this is our first stream from our brand
new dedicated streaming computer yeah we
needed a graphics card
I bought a $30 graphics card because for
some reason xsplit needs a dedicated
graphics card to run its processing
through yeah so I just got the cheapest
one I could find well and as I told her
it's a I found actually one for $25 it's
my fault I encourage you to save money
by not getting
say well just get something integrated
we just need something with a decent
processor to stream and it's not me and
it's also my fault because I didn't
check the minimum requirements to
exploit okay I could have done that too
oh you could have it's our fault
basically I guess I just assumed because
it was a piece of software there's no
way it would require a graphics card you
know like it was like every modern game
like every well I know this is not a
game you know I know you know what I'm
saying so in any case we did we got a
graphics card everything is good this is
running through our integrated capture
card and so games should no longer be we
should no longer be dropping frames
we're broadcasting in 1080p which is
something we haven't done before it's a
crazy world we're living in and I'm sick
fYI is Rich's beard red the color might
be a little off button I mean my beard
is a little reddish okay well I think I
think compared to the rest of my hair
there you go
great so what the well $30 graphics card
having a VRAM to run this set up yes
because we're still by the way one of
the options in xsplit is to run all of
the processing through your CPU which we
are still doing I don't know why we need
a graphics card it's just the way they
set up their software you need that
graphics card before the preview or
something supposedly wasn't it I guess
we are using look we're at like 97% of
our GPU usage yeah so we're pushing the
GPU to the max I can't even believe that
right I wonder if that's just because I
did I pushed our preview up to 1080
maybe that's why mm-hmm but yeah so here
we are and what's the what's the the
the rule what's what are we doing today
we're looking at e3 shit I thought right
we're looking at e3 that's true we're
looking at e3 shit actually and before
we look at e3 shit rich I'd like to
bring up something I'd like to make yet
another recommendation of a current
sci-fi show that you should watch ok
because I just started watching
something and I am shocked at how good
it is what what is this the gritty
realistic lost in space reboot oh yeah
have you seen it I heard about it I
haven't seen it it is shockingly legit
good huh I would never have expected it
all right before you look at the chat
yeah you wanna see the first the first
the only game I care about yes I do
now close your eyes if you don't you
have no idea that this exists tell me
when I can look take a look
Oh oh yeah my CV oh yeah yeah it's up
there I guessed already I guess by the
dunk by the way right
that is probably super fucking loud yeah
I should be fine yes
Arak neutrons in the background we got
barons of hell wielding swords regular
old demons you got big tentacles in the
background that looks like a building so
they're on earth III is over this is it
I'm done
no one's are coming out unless they
announced that new X come I'm done that
was it that's the only thing you care
about normally I get pissed off if I
don't see gameplay footage I have enough
faith that I am gonna fade at this point
doom eternal you said they changed the
suit just just take a look at the the
suit it's not the pre-tour suit okay
that's a bear arm is it that's a classic
doom bear forearm oh oh okay that's the
classic school with a this the the
helmet was like good like great that's
the old school doom outfit okay
interesting do meter the the name
eternal now I'm gonna precursor this
yeah with doom 2016 was so fucking good
they get a ton of leeway yeah but if any
other developer gave their their their
game egg after : like eternal Oh
gameplay August 10th at QuakeCon that
makes sense that would make sense if
anyone gave gave a subtitle of eternal I
would assume it would it had some it
would have some sort of line thing oh
yeah does an eternal reek of like like
you know interactivity foreverness you
know like you know you know I think they
miss the boat it should have been
eternal doom that would have been a
cooler name eternal doom let's see I
guess that that is a cool name yeah
doom eternal is also really cool that's
just like though like I said I have full
trust because doom 2016 was yeah yeah
they they've won themselves away well
and you know what you watch that noclip
documentary about the the lead game
designer and just how he like he's such
a fanboy of doom I'm not super worried
but that that would that would it make
me skeptical am eternal doom forever
doom live you know that kind of thing
just you know doom to doom harder that's
why not just due to cuz there's already
enough confusion when they called the
other one doom when there was a doom and
then they're gonna call the sequel doom
to where was it doomed to I get it yeah
they could have gotten away with it but
I totally get it
okay that's fine that's fine no man's
doom yeah vials are back
is the doom fan I see some of the things
the pain elemental is back oh well
that's great no that's super exciting
but if we're gonna see gameplay in
August it's right not coming out until
next year well I'm not super shocked
alright so how do we want to organize
this well I think last year we did it
freeform we I guess we're starting with
PC stuff that's probably coming out and
everything anyway oh sure but that was
probably for the Bethesda yeah stuff do
we want to just like concentrate on the
Bethesda stuff like do you care about
fallout 70 what do you pull up in a
laptop I open up a tab joão III reveals
or a list of e3 2018 games okay cuz I
give no fuck about like them the Sony
press conference I am a corporate
douchebag and weird this year's synergy
we're gonna have lots of synergy with
the product I don't give a shit about
watching that actually the the Sony
press rebel that's the only one I I
watched live and there was nobody on
stage he was just just trailer trailer
trailer though it was bizarre as hell
yeah so so they're their press
conference was set to start at like 8
o'clock at night Milwaukee time and they
start with the Last of Us 2 trailer
right yeah and they're like people are
in this old like barn looking place with
lights because that's what they show on
the trailer and they show the trailer
and then they cut to the audience and
the audience is quiet and confused and
then it cuts to people like it cuts to
commentators talking behind a desk about
like all the exciting reveals that Sony
is about to have but the press
conference started already it was crazy
it was crazy rich well I just I just
searched for YouTube for e3 2018 trailer
yeah I guess we could just go down the
list okay sure
is that some smart that sounds smart
wait you want to watch death stranding
and I'm still sick so if I make
disgusting noises right
I'll turn it back away from Mike but you
can just deal with it man yeah
you just deal with it all right sixteen
make it big
now my god fuck you
Kojima he wants to show a baby but I've
liked some of his games
we get we do get a tiny glimpse of what
the gameplay is gonna be in this I think
and I'm surprised I've got the
extinction factor I think you got maybe
you can see them right
must be tough out here on your own I
can't help you with that I make
deliveries that's all
I'm just thinking about the doom trailer
I started to like Bob my head to the
doom music to do and people are gonna
think I'm enjoying this but I was
bobbing my head to the doom music down
dare dare dare dare dare dare dare dare
damn okay so I think so we have Mars I
think this is the gameplay I think this
has got an oil crisis thing right but
now are we on Mars no I don't know where
we are
I believe in this game rich we are a
delivery boy and we have to deliver
packages I think this is the game play
I think this might be a an actual
walking simulator no I know look at it
look this is what they're showing us No
that's what I think mall Ratko I I also
think it's going to be I also think this
is going to be up
I think this might be okay that was a
gun I think I think this might be a
mediocre game and it's gonna be very
funny seeing people bend over backwards
to try to defend that seems like a lot
of walking
but jackets art yeah because it's art
because it doesn't make sense that's
true it's very much art very very armed
something I forgot we forgot rich
I just realized we're gonna have to talk
about this when it comes out yep yep we
are we're gonna have to play it and
everything and I hope there are lots of
toys this is this is one we gots to play
man
yo
oh it's only halfway done I like Mike
during I fucking best of the worst view
I what's the time what's the time what's
the time on that on that VHS we're 20
minutes in we're 1/3 done could be good
it could be anything we know nothing
about the game it could be good this
could be a metal gear 5 situation where
the gameplay is really fun indeed they
did just show four minutes of walking
I got an idea
the baby in the jar is like a battery
this whole goal in life Kojima just just
to push the boundaries and figure out
how much he can get people to take
seriously can we make the flashlight
flap why just just do it just do it oh
no there's a there's definitely a
meaning behind it no no no really it has
artistic you see the flapping it's it's
like it's like someone's talking you see
just how much shit he can pull out of
his ass yeah where someone calls him on
it yeah
i crypto wired a day keeps the time fall
away
you're too late you still don't know who
I am do you
oh my god it's going to spell TRO I
don't know who that is I think that was
Lindsay Wagner who's Lindsay Wagner oh
never mind you don't know do you know I
don't know just from back in the day Oh
actress oh she's one of them actresses
the Bionic woman's power to the power of
the players that's great great um let's
let's take a little moment digest death
stranding just for a little bit we we
liked so much of Metal Gear Solid 5
Ridge I know we did I know and like I
get it like Kojima is apparently not the
easiest person to work with but it does
seem like he's pushing it seems like
he's being weird for the sake of being
weird you know and that's that's
generally not my shtick but hey but hey
I don't get anything out of that I don't
get anything out of that Hey look I when
when it showed them walking through the
nothingness with all the packages I say
oh well maybe it's you know your and he
says he's a delivery guy he's like oh I
just do deliveries that's what I do and
so it's just like well what is I'm
trying to discern what possible gameplay
we can get out of it and there's nothing
there there's just nothing there okay
you want a fun delivery game Crazy Taxi
mm-hmm insanely fun delivery game yeah
that's a great game I'm down with Crazy
Taxi
I'm down crazy tackle Jima is making
crazy taxi he hasn't shown off the taxi
in any of the trailers yet that's gonna
be the surprise well the the taxi is
actually a mostly naked woman but a
giant mostly naked woman and you have to
put the packages up her but you see but
it's a very artistic it's very very
artistic all right all right let's get
we got some tips we got some tips here I
used two lizard game says hey Jack I'm
rich did you get a chance to check out
comet striker before choking to death on
the food you ate before the stream I
have not lice blizzard games but I got
your email I will check it out the
people who made that mute crimson game
we played on stream uh it was a
platformer black and white and red ok it
was a while it was a while ago they made
a new game yeah I will check it out
promise let's see here gobbledygook s--
says did it seem like this year there
was much more gameplay footage in most
reveals it seemed like the game
companies are listening to reveals other
than I have not been following this
other than doom yeah and I ended up
seeing the spider-man bits they showed
well you know we did get there there's a
lot of good gameplay bits in the
spider-man track yeah that's all I've
seen yeah I haven't watched you like one
and a half conferences maybe two and a
half conferences like maybe it's hard to
tell though cuz it it all really goes by
in a blur there's way too much
information given out in that three days
and and if you watch a conference I
don't know how you can possibly hold
your focus for more than five minutes at
a time I started owning out just just go
cry I never even watched the
conference's zero interest the way I
always handled III was what's going on
yeah I'm at the end of the day I'm gonna
check the websites I'm gonna get a list
of the games that have been announced
yeah and what looks interesting in that
list of names but I have never sat down
and watched a conference
other than I think what I had to do it
with you further when we did the episode
yep I'm the III in the back in the day
that's right we did yeah I do know that
there are there were three separate
samurai games announced did you hear
about this
no there's neo - okay there is a a
samurai game called actually one that
looks really good yes I'm getting to
that
there the what was the what was the
third samurai game
there's neo - there was second row which
is from from from software okay from
software is doing a samurai game okay
and then there is like fuck you neo
you try to take over our territories can
be a gang war
and then there's ghosts of Tsushima
which actually looks really decent
combat wise but but yes from software
just said oh yeah a neo was samurai dark
so that's that's cute but they're
supposed to be we're gonna spit of space
thing maybe they are no space samurai
space samurais from software samurai
game is an action game
not a soul style game wats okay let's
look up these let's look up do we care
about neo - I we look up we can look up
whatever I don't give a shit I don't
care about neo - go go III 2018 ghost
yeah that one just looking at the doubt
this PlayStation 1 that one
yeah wait wait wait wait wait oh yeah
well let me do let me do there okay
now you are free yep no good so choose
that camera
yeah watch it under under me go back cuz
then we don't have so much commercials
oh yeah
you have the the red I have the red here
that I got I got one of them YouTube
Reds so then we don't have to watch
commercials so three separate samurai
games and like I want to say like for
pirate games too and I don't think that
pirates are that popular or samurais too
for that matter
but I am mean obviously I'm wrong
because they made them all this one this
one uh so give me one second let me log
in I have ridiculously long passwords
nope that's not it
how about you
how do I know if caps lock is on we
would know that all right should have a
a light on my keyboard there is no light
on a keyboard let us off but there's no
light and to be turned on then you click
somewhere else city type some letters
and you see if Kappa Pakistan how about
that there we go that's it okay great
all right so what is this now oh yeah
this looked like this look like this
look interesting I have ridiculously
long passwords is the password Shh this
is the from software one no this is not
the from software one a though it looks
like the from software everyone actually
I didn't see the from software trailer
so we should watch that next
it just look so pretty
this is made by Sucker Punch the team
that did the infamous games says
vorticons
okay I didn't play any infamous games
did you play the infamous games I've
heard of them great I've seen them no
they can't see anything that's right I
will fix that Hey look there's the
trailer we're still figuring this out
guys
there you go we started huh yeah he just
literally his horror he's just walked he
pet his horse everything's fine
no Bo come
give you a two-minute band are you guys
from British you called me a prick so
I'll give you a two-minute band what do
they call you a Berkeley I don't know
they're just a jack prick and I give
them a two-minute band for it
I saw that comment I didn't like it ban
all right this is not the from software
one this is the other one this is the
other one I am I have so much power so
much power
so this could be interesting the combat
looks neat you know stances looks like
maybe who knows who knows basement one
says Jack you do not sign my poster
basement one you gotta you have to you
have to ask you have to say specifically
who you want to sign what and if you did
specifically say you wanted me to sign
it I didn't see it
so I'm sorry usually they leave stuff
out for me on the table there's a table
and there's stuff left out for me that
says to sign but if you just say like if
you just say like I want all of you to
sign it they usually assume that means
rich Jane Mike so you have to ask for me
specifically heads up I did hear about
that master Kenobi talk about that after
we watch this trailer like staff and
people on the ground that's an admirable
trait he's keen you know he's putting
them out of their misery rich
cos we're the goofy outfit I can only
assume there are there are different
outfits with different stat abilities
rich as that is the the flavor in almost
all games or is it gonna be like
spider-man with that ugly giant white
spider is going to be distracting in the
entire game
oh that's just you I don't mind it I
hate it it pops no it doesn't it pops it
looks stupid it makes it look like he's
trying out to be the next Captain
America yeah pops just Captain America's
outfit pops - it's fine I'm gonna make a
fucking giant white spider mask and I'm
gonna have it on my face yeah during our
entire review for that game okay I
couldn't go out to hear what the legs oh
wait he's gonna have spider legs just
gonna have legs that come out and you're
just gonna be like doesn't my it doesn't
my new oh I'm not gonna say anything
about it you're gonna have a mouth are
you gonna be muffled the whole time I'll
be muffled the whole fucking time fuck
it that's hilarious I love it I hope you
do it not only am i encouraging this I'm
now demanding it arkham samurai
yep nicely
oh no but it's like this is exactly like
the fear takedown but it's cool it's
cool looking
it looks like it could be a fun action
game neat atmosphere could be a neat
run
we fight mungus win they already won
you're my friend
me
pretty place to have a duel
so pretty
as gaming reached the uncanny valley
it's realistic enough but not really
enough no I mean you know it's I don't
know the uncanny valley tell me if I
have the premise right is when when
graphics for human features become so
good that our brain starts rejecting
them because we know they're wrong
yeah they're there the closer you get
the looking human you hit a spot where
it's just it's it's off-putting right
until you're basically perfect and it
looks exactly like a human but it looks
just a little bit off it's it's
off-putting stop it
I don't know stop it and win anyway stop
it I don't know the people's faces are
always gonna be hard I don't know if
we're ever gonna reach the point of the
uncanny valley just because people's
faces you know okay so now look up s EK
iro
okay here we go this is the from
software one
the ghost game looked except ibly good
yeah look funnel wait looks like death
but that's cool like a bowl norm
some time has passed since I found you
there master still lives the soon make
use of his blood time the men you have
lost will give away to something more
you'll learn to appreciate it's worth
Oh crapola it's the fun way to traverse
yeah
and lookin I think that I just barked on
a sword and I'm into that
I'm done with this yeah yeah this looks
like this
giant mah giant monster man and bugs and
bone arms grapple hooks is gonna be
great
that's from a bit disappointing the
monsters at some point right the best
monster designs in the past decade a
thumbs up for the trailer yeah coming
next year Xbox one ps4 and PC yep oh
nice yeah that's and that is hey don't
worry guys
come on a PC that's great watch the
spider-man one that's what - spider-man
1 we could talk about the spider-man
talk about the effort let's talk about
the FO actually wait don't click on it
yet let me catch up on tips a little bit
dude dude hey rich yeah I thought you
might be interested in seeing this
gameplay footage from the Metro game the
mention of the stealth indicator
reminded me of something from theif that
you always enjoyed its long maybe watch
it later ok no good do you know anything
about Metro no ok great
let's see here tired and sad said have
either of you watched the new season of
Westworld the last episode was a fucking
masterpiece piece the death stranding
might be an interesting movie that Jay
would like it doesn't even look like an
interesting movie and could be honest
with you but as a game it looks boring
as fuck no it looks like a guy walking
you know we you have a couple indie
filmmaker tropes that are terrible and
one of them is is in the woods because
it's a cheap place to film the other is
someone walking in barren like
construction yards or crumbly wastelands
because that's also really cheap to film
yeah so yeah that's not that's not
looking not getting me too excited yet
I'll tell you I'll tell you what okay
hey let's watch my weight open world
good
oh well that's an open world gameplay
demo well we'll do that next okay we'll
do that next
I'm curious about the open world me too
I haven't seen that demo time I have
watched this before I've watched this
before - it looks alright I really want
to see how the game decides to handle an
actual fucking boss battle yeah like
this does give us a really good
indication about how it's going to deal
with who thought that white spider was a
good idea
it totally does not go with the color
scheme makes it look like this has got a
patriotic hero now I don't get it I
don't like it
now I broke it sorry everyone if we're
getting it all
a stream looks laggy from our end you
guys are we getting frames dropped or is
that just because I messed with it I
messed with the camera and now we're
getting all leggy but is it is it laggy
for you guys did we just jump did we
just drop a ton of frames or is that
just on my end it's fine jack it's fine
oh okay memorize them just on our screen
did you see rich did you see that
yeah it's yep it's jag it's everything
on the screen
yeah but they say to us as long as I
think it's fine and there's no drop
frame so okay it's a fine design and
electro but this is these prisoners with
the collar that that's like a
straight-up ripoff of Arkham Asylum oh
yeah yeah I don't think they're hiding
the fact that this is Arkham
this is Batman Arkham they do that white
spider the mask looks great the mask
looks great everything else it's like
crap on that costume no I don't know the
weird red bits on the leg that ugly
white spider why is there a why is there
a bit of blue over the the stripe down
the chest and the belt why is there a
stripe of glue there looks good don't
you don't mess with a fucking classic I
I think what they were probably worried
about is is making sure that you have
spider-man there that he's you have his
orientation cuz there's gonna be a lot
of floors a wide spider on the front and
the back there's a lot of flipping and
so they won if I wanted to make sure
that things are fucking look better if
they made it black it's superficial but
it's ultra distracting and you're
looking at it all the time
this is Miles Morales spider-man no
Lloyd beats this is this is Peter Parker
spider-man help oh now we're dropping
frames yeah look it's all it's all fuck
you figure out what's going on it's all
figured out this might have to be one of
those okay
our CPU is fine our GPU is really hurtin
and we this is a problem because I like
I messed with our camera during this
dream oh wow what if we what if we go to
this and then come back why would you
why would you mess with something why
would I mess with something
how would you mess with something was
working why would you mess with
something
why would I mess with something rich why
would I did you do that why would I do
that
that's that's the important question is
why would I do that we did the classic
turn it off turn it back on again okay
and oh we dropped a little bit there but
now now we're good
it was my fault I messed with the camera
don't fiddle with things don't I
shouldn't have fiddled with things and I
fiddled with things don't fiddle the
things I did I fiddled and I'm very
sorry
this looks smooth and buttery yeah I'm
very sorry I missed I messed with all
the things and it was my fault so what
are you gonna do really okay okay Audio
end video in sync
great we don't need a good GPU up here
I'm gonna defend this because we did not
buy this computer to play games on it
right and I had a a chat conversation
you know a technical support chat
conversation with xsplit yeah and I was
talking with them about a GPU and and
the my chat support
presentative said literally any GPU
there was no minimum requirement they
just need any GPU and I specifically
said I can buy a $30.00 GPU and the Andy
GPU okay so apparently though if you
have a lesser GPU you can't mess with
the stream X with xsplit while streaming
that's the lesson we've learned today so
anyway let's go okay should I start this
spider-man that thing over or we just
good good good I think the important
thing because we've both seen this I
think most people have seen this I
really want to see the open-world stuff
but we can't continue watching this so
for the person who's asking earlier
Miles Morales spider-man has a
completely different outfit his outfit
is black and red so this is definitely
Peter Parker spider-man as far as we
know right it's Peter Parker spider-man
this could be like a different universe
spider-man all together starting to
realize something about myself and
spider-man Jack what's that rich I'm not
very hyped about this game this isn't a
bad okay like I'm unconvinced that the
boss battles won't suck because of that
awful fucking QuickTime event they
showed last year yeah you know but
regardless I'm not super hyped about
this game okay and I'm I'm reminded
about an interview I read with one of
the spider-man writers I think it was
Gary Conway but I'm not 100% sure it
with him okay it's like a wizard
magazine years ago like how many years
so this is something I probably read 20
years ago now okay he had said that in
his later years of writing spider-man he
was he was getting older ResLife yeah
and he started writing more stories
about like Robbie Robertson like the
editor of The Daily Bugle because Gary
conway think it was Gary Conway might
not be him but the writer was getting
out of yours and he didn't identify as
much with Peter Parker anymore so he
started writing stories about like the
older guy
sure we could Egon identify with yeah
and I'm realizing I haven't read a
spider-man comic book in 10 years right
like I don't have any fucking idea who
that chick he was flying in the
helicopter was and I have not been all
excited about that character and I would
I'm I'm like a middle-aged man now yeah
yeah that's true I I might have grown
out of spider-man that's fair when when
I left spider-man
early thirties with Peter Parker at that
time later 20s yeah had a wife had Karen
yeah ten years on I'm a middle-aged man
and Peter Parker Simmons single schmuck
working shit jobs yeah so it's like I
think we've grown apart me and
spider-man I think I still I'm still
very fond of spider-man yeah but the
connection the connection Jack yeah I'm
too elderly for spider-man well and you
know I know you've you've always liked
Peter Parker spider-man because of his
this whole you know the the the
basically the uber nerd you know he's
the uber nerd who got the powers I for
me I know I'm just more of a fan of just
kind of that power fantasy like being up
bad guys doing web swing and that kind
of thing
so like I'm still in the spider-man but
I hear where you're coming from where
you can't necessarily get on board with
spider it with teenage spider-man now
that you're an old man yeah yeah yeah
so they then made a big deal of
mentioning that there were five of them
right so we know the the person of the
NDC's that's gonna be backyard this is
this is their version of the Sinister
Six sure but it does say you which means
it's gotta be someone we know
sure it's gonna be doc ock they're doing
a sinister six thing yeah yeah I I would
expect something like that yeah for the
fuck's mr. negative I'm gone it's gone I
don't know who mr. negative mr. negative
I don't know I have no idea I'm sure
there are plenty and kids who read the
comic books now and they're excited but
I don't know if anyone's excited about
mr. negative
I mean come on look at him then just use
the hobgoblin and fix that costume
Thanks fix that goddamn costume yeah go
yeah that one let's see what this open
world this you should so track down web
of shadows this doesn't look that
different oh yeah I tried it there the
head of some PC versions available at
one point like some of the some of the
aerial fighting or spider-man's you know
weapon up to somebody kicking them and
then weapon to someone else yeah that's
all web shadows like that kind of shit
yeah right there yes total totally web
shadows living within New York City and
seeing that so
Adam is one of he's one of our combat
pro players it cuz he's a combat
designer and again just showing off some
really hot well that's kind of cheating
having the combat designer yeah show you
some kind of like yeah give it to
someone else give it to a first time see
if they can just dick around and have
some fun obviously they want to show
this video they talk about the costume
do they talk about whether or not you
can change it we're gonna be talking
over this so we don't want to hear them
talking me too loud well I do if they're
gonna talk about that awful fucking
costume oh that's a good-looking City
you know what I like about that city
immediately you know what pops in my
head immediately is all the buildings
look different I think that's that was a
problem with like you know the the big
open world spider-man's over the past is
every building was a great block here it
looks like I might actually be able to
find my way around New York just by
looking at buildings Oh Denny faceplant
why isn't it boots
they got sneakers how did they get the
masks all right everything else wrong I
like that I like the little glove II
things that's fine like you like what
you like Jack I don't tell you what to
like it's my opinion god dammit I'm with
you not I I understand the things you
were saying is what I meant by I'm with
you what's worse this or the iron
spider-man costume the movie version or
the comic version the comic version the
comic book version has the plus of being
so bizarre it's interesting as a
temporary thing sure as a disposable
thing and you know it's not gonna stick
around
it's interesting maybe like for one
issue sure lasted like three months for
the yeah three issues why play other
games it's it's one of those things that
has that again just like combat that
picks and play feel but want players to
have a level no I missed he stuck a
thing on his back and after like a timer
blinked it like shot a webbing Betterman
really need a timer for something like
that what the guy to a wall well you
know the extra webs like it's like an
extra hand basically spider-man is
murdering people yes
spider-man is throwing people off of
buildings I'm sure there's a web strand
yeah now that one I didn't see it these
in the Arkham games they they fucking
cheated never everyone who fell just
happen to be attached via a grappling
hook right something
is the game doing this yeah that was a
really big computer a little USB drive
to be able to kind of look up at the big
screen and see your game after after all
I think this is gonna be a lot of my
time playing this is just is just
web-swinging
that was that was one of my favorite
things in Arkham night web-swinging
yes basically right do like they had
that like that like rocket grapple and
then you just like glide yeah over the
city they've said there will be other
costumes that's good unless you want to
pay extra I'm assuming none of them are
going to be the original great next yeah
it looks like they're done next
could be fun oh yeah why don't we look
up next why don't you look up cyberpunk
yeah that's the this is the new game
from said the project red the makers of
The Witcher and you know owners of gag
2077 they voted my city the worst place
to live in America
main issues sky high rate of violence
and more people living below the poverty
line than anywhere else
can't deny it it's all true
everybody still wants to live here he's
always got a promise according to Sun
the shamans salmon's the producer says
there will be no DLC or
microtransactions
oh I assume they talk about the Spider
Man you going
it's a city of dreams well screen oh
yeah yeah
oh this is probably available dear and
free on GOG - of course the approach
you're in this said the poi oh yeah
that's cool car yeah
word on the street is it is going to be
a first-person RPG first-person first
first yes come down yeah look sleazy Oh
see actual gameplay then because that
wasn't really first-person anything that
was story bed so we're good get out of
this see if there is world steep there
is a gameplay I don't I don't know if
there is gameplay out there that's just
gonna be people talking over the trailer
is my assumption maybe none we saw 45
minutes of gameplay here's what we
thought okay so no I don't think there's
any right right right
okay that's why no gameplay yet but I
mean listen for as many people out there
who gushed all over the Witcher and The
Witcher is a great game The Witcher 3
III had a lot of fun playing the bit of
the which I did the the bit of The
Witcher I did getting like 2030 hours of
gameplay I played this much of The
Witcher right it looks like this could
be a fun world to walk around in yeah so
it could be cool I like shithole futures
that aren't complete dystopias sure
almost dystopias high hyper hyper slum
I'm shocked the main character isn't a
chick isn't that just kind of a
cyberpunk thing isn't the main character
always a girl with no taint care or
something no usually the main character
meets up with a girl with pink hair like
tank girl I'm thinking like Johnny
pneumonic yeah okay I guess that was
cyberpunk I there's probably at one
point you need to run into all the cyber
chicks of a cyberpunk chicks but no I
think usually it's a dude okay this is
okay
unusual do because he looks like it he
looks like a beefy bruiser instead of
like a hacker yeah yeah usually you're a
thin trench yeah like see you're like a
cyber samurai and he just looks like a
thug which makes me like it like I can
hack a firewall and this guy just
punches him in the face grand theft
future yeah yes yes let's see what we
got here
true blue review says also don't bother
with any Nintendo stuff their show was
new Mario Party indie games being ported
and a half-hour about new smash yes that
is very true five minutes was an
announcement of every fighter in Smash
is coming back I know you don't care
about Smash Brothers at all you do I do
so that's all they announced fer games
yeah they talked a little bit more about
the Pokemon games the Mario Party looks
really interesting I don't know if
you've ever played at Mario Party and
familiar enough with it they've actually
designed the new Mario Party to be
played with multiple switches in
handheld mode uh-huh and they had
actually a neat thing where they were to
rearrange them and that would like
affect the gameplay and like putting
them down on a table so look like it
could be fun I don't know if I'll ever
do that as someone who really likes
Super Smash Brothers the announcement of
every character that was in every Super
Smash Brothers coming back which means
we got snake back we get the pokemon
trainer back we we get so many
characters back and then we get a couple
new characters we get we get Ridley from
Metroid we get us the splatoon people
daisy is coming in as an alternate skin
for peach which is about fucking time we
get to play as Daisy very important that
we get to play as Daisy don't you think
we get ice climbers back we get young
link new link outfit is is his blue
Heroes tunic of course the champions
tunic yeah I know well you can wear it
other yeah
but that's his default Ave look it looks
it looks like something I'm going to buy
and play because it's all all the smash
the only thing I'm a little disappointed
by is they dammit for you hoping that
you I was hoping that you missed an
ex-con three it was it was worth a
fucking shot oh you know we should look
up actually something that looked
actually kind of interesting on Nintendo
oh no no God look up Ubisoft and then
what was it called star no what's their
what's their flying game StarLink
StarLink over there the the Ubisoft
North America one which one down down
down down down that one
I don't know if it shows any of the
gameplay but basically this looks like
good no man sky
yeah the thumbnail gave it away yeah
yeah you're not you're not surprised to
be the thumbnail gave it away I know
that rich I'm sorry and well in during
the Ubisoft presentation there was much
longer bit yeah
that actually showed name is about it
then here's the down so like it looks
like good no man's sky like you can fly
around the galaxy you can go to planets
and do shit yeah but like there's actual
like enemies to fight and you can do
shit on the planet
it all looked really good from a
gameplay standpoint here's it's a
starfox game where starfox just in it
Star Fox is in the star link game but
look at that you actually have to buy
little guy and look on yeah no no it's
uh it looks worse than you think
what do you build it up is like it's
like they did no man's sky right no you
gotta buy these little figure Oh the
gameplay looks like this is no man's sky
right like the gameplay looks decent you
know yeah it's like Skylanders but for
spaceships you can buy like different
guns that you put on your wings yeah I
don't want to spend three hundred and
fifty eight dollars on one game right
cuz of all the plastic crap you need to
scan into a thing and even weirder you
put the ship on your controller I don't
know if they'll show it it's so bizarre
this looks like a very bizarre game
no man's sky landers sausage toes
woman's no man's skies like sausage toes
wins for coming up with the most obvious
joke ever that's a great pun and no one
else came up with it I do
sausage shows wins give me the mouse for
the most fun no man's sky Landers NuLu
be soft shooter is like no man's sky
meet sky Lannister they didn't call it
there we go he's no man's sky Landers
destructor okay sorry sorry sorry I'm
sorry sausage toes someone beat you to
it apparently you know what you're
fucking poser man busted all right
busted your ass sausage toes how awkward
oh I see here look they're gonna show
you look it's do you see it it's on your
controller
it looks so bizarre and then we're yeah
do you have to I don't know I don't know
if you need that on your control
they're gonna make a shitload of money
oh yeah cuz I want to fly that spaceship
and I'm assuming that's all the only way
you can get all the spaceships I don't
know I've seen some people in chat say
stuff like you can just buy them
digitally but you still have to buy them
like you might not need to buy the
little plastic thing but you need to buy
something yeah so alright what's next
what's next Oh mom why are game studios
like this because they're businesses and
they like to make money they like to
make so much money rich take a break you
can take a break
why are you gonna take a break where you
going he took the mouse
that fucker took the mouse