Jun 17, 2018
Jack likes The Witcher 3 (pt. 1)
twitch.tv/videos/274566265
youtube.com/watch?v=jjsZ5xxlyKc
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1008429180478984193

okay now now alright let's test this yay
perfect works perfect terrain so before
we went to the negative zone with the
camera the reason it got worse last time
is because I accidentally or I
mistakenly put the delay on the camera
and so that's when it got worse but now
we put the delay in the audio so
everything should be fine
who knows why we had to do that we
didn't have to do that with the old
computer but hey things are the music is
loud rich can you turn down the
that should be good
how's that how's that music how's that
rocking for you better great well no the
music just stopped in the game so shit
you're probably fuckin know now Eva
there's no way to know hey Happy
Father's Day everybody
yes wonderful day what a wonderful day
as it happens every year my wife gave me
the best Father's Day present which is a
quiet house that's all I ever want which
it's just quiet Father's Day I want
nothing to do with any of my children
pretty much or family member as much you
know I I love my children okay yup
you've got ones as hack frauds I didn't
expect you guys to actually play this on
stream are you playing the hearts of
stone or just campaign I'm still in the
main campaign apparently though I can't
continue until we download the hearts of
stone sounds annoying but I'm just in
the main campaign so I don't know why
that's open this save hearts of stone
expansion well shit we'll see how long
that takes to download because that was
our whole plan can you exit the the
overlay so I can download things please
i slayed plans rich thank you no problem
best laid plans after it now we did at
least we didn't check to make sure the
game wasn't stalled but that we did I
rich was like what do you feel like
playing I say oh you know what I was
playing a little Witcher 3 today and I'd
like to keep doing that I texted you
that a few hours we should be ready
ahead of time of course at a time of
course and then and okay
still updating okay so you know I said
hey is what your free download it and it
was but shit so let's uh let's doubt
let's see how long this takes to
download it's just an expansion so I
can't imagine that'll take too long but
of course we are streaming which in the
meantime this is gonna take for fucking
ever isn't it great in don't worry rich
I have a back-up plan which Evans is not
associated with this game stream oh now
no it's going it's fine it's fine
okay so father's day quiet yeah I don't
think it's an unreasonable request to
you know I have a little break you know
because because I work from home it
means that I usually watch my children a
lot I'm in charge of my children a lot
and so bars moving awfully slowly well
we'll see how far we get I have a
back-up plan don't I have a backup well
yeah as soon as soon as we're done just
chit-chatting about nonsense we'll see
how far we get and if we're not anywhere
near then I go to backup line okay
so uh I get quiet I got to finish a book
that I was reading which I'm really
happy about I just got like I have like
four or five solid hours of no one
bothering me yeah and no
responsibilities and I finished my book
that's nice
it's called it's called Thisby fest OOP
and the Black Mountain okay and it's
it's like a young adult adventure novel
actually I got it for my kid but I
started reading it and really enjoyed it
and it's it's about you know it's like a
fantasy setting thing and I thought it
was really cute and I got I got to
finish that today and I was really happy
so really happy about finishing the book
um we are now at 20% are we singing
backup plan person person in chat yeah I
am very aware that XCOM is now on GOG
and is in fact you know it's DRM because
it's dear and free because GOG of course
and it's currently 80% off what's this
gog is having a summer
and I didn't I didn't discover this
until last night uh-huh and obviously no
one was around but I excitedly posted
about it in our chat for anyone anyone
who might be around oh my god except
XCOM butts on GOG well here I'm free
it's 80% off oh my god
I'll tell you I'll tell you right I knew
about this weeks ago people because
people didn't follow me
well here's the thing because Mia people
were tweeting it at me incessantly and I
guess I just had assumed that this is
something you knew no of cause why
wouldn't you know that XCOM is on GOG
two of your favorite things are now
together why wouldn't you know about
that right and so you told me and you
were very excited I was like oh I
thought you already have it so I'm sorry
that I didn't tell you earlier you got
to get Twitter rich look for every
useful post there's gonna be about 2,000
jackasses asking me about Star Wars
hey as the person who runs previously
recorded Twitter
I can guarantee that's true Star Wars
Star Wars Star Wars why don't you like
The Last of Us star wars star wars star
wars yeah yeah I should definitely get
that Twitter yeah that's exactly what it
is and and then a ton of people sending
you the exact same article going hey I
know you like this thing here's an
article about it but you know what we do
get some good there is some good stuff
in there sometimes people be like hey
you know this game have you seen this
game I know you like this other game and
you know we get a lot of good
recommendations from that button
it's our Star Wars Star Wars Star Wars
you know we got an email recently rich
yeah and I was planning on not really
responding to it but since we have a few
more minutes to kill here we're at 50%
already so I'm doing good the the email
was saying like besides the whole DRM
thing yeah assuming that that's point
number one if we were to take a survey
and recommend any changes to Steam
obviously number one DRM yeah what do
you think any other recommendations
would be this was a question posted to
us via email and that's it's a big
question and you
and I aren't necessarily user interface
experts right right but you know I
started thinking about it besides the
whole you don't own your game thing
which obviously is point number one
right and point number two for me is it
is an awful browsing experience yes
shopping you can't just go shopping on
Steam you have to know what you're
looking for ahead of time because
there's too much shit there's just so
much crap everywhere and it's it's
intimidating and it's infuriating
because you know if you say oh you know
what I like I like adventure games Oh
adventure games and a list of 80,000
adventure games comes up and everyone
has different user reviews and everyone
is 80% good and 90% bad and yeah and so
that was my big that was my big thing I
figured we could take this time so
whoever wrote us that you know could
hear it right now um two minds on this
again I could see we're curation really
useful I think of a hand I don't mind
that there are options even if a lot of
them are crap yeah but maybe if they
were just like a filter the crap I seem
have like a button that was just crap
filter crap filters
yeah the steam store crap the crap
filtered experience yeah and then on the
other side of that you've got wild wild
steam yes you have to steam browsing
experience as it changes with the click
of a button yes the curated option yoram
we're gonna filter out all of these
games and you're just gonna see the
curated ones yeah but anybody can sub
post shit on Steam and if you don't have
the curation filter on here's all of the
crap right like he and you can like oh
you can choose your curators we have
maybe our steam recommends we have
bestsellers you be a steam now it should
be a steam official curated option
segment store it's nice so and it's the
good shit it's the quality show or or I
don't know anime tips and bad rats all
it is is a shovel it's just a shovel
that you click and you just start seeing
or the crap actually I like that act I
think that's a really good idea yeah are
you guys a part of the steam curation
system would no I I and I know there is
like they've they basically
crowd-sourced curation they have steam
curators an influencer if you just do
about like what's popular with the users
then it's like the the tyranny of the
masses like every steam game would be
some kind of fortnight knockoff and I'd
never find anything that I like that's
true so you need an official steam yeah
curated and not just a brute users
recommend it like they do have like
curated they have curators yeah like
they have like oh you know if you like
you know no no no no the steam offer for
every game they like it needs to be an
official valve steam curated segments
seal of quality seal of quality yeah
turn the filter off all the shit I think
that's a great idea
yeah animate its versus regular tits
right
you could probably trust more on word of
mouth than an online storefront but but
then at that point steam this is about
the shopping experience the browsing
experience the discovering something new
experience and so if you're gonna find
like let's say you you have a website
that you go to that you get all your
gaming news from and you know that game
looks interesting then you go to steam
and search for that game then why even
have a storefront at all just have an
alphabetical a to Z list of every game
available having a storefront serves no
purpose at that point if you're not
using them as a storefront but if they
have some sort of we think this is a
really good game or an interesting game
or the steam seal of approval then you
have a storefront you have a purpose
yeah it's not just wading through shite
great that downloaded rather fast
how about valve ignore steam and I don't
know makes a game valve is far more
valuable as steam provider than they are
making games by the choose between
half-life 3 and and steam as much as I
have issues with the
erm steam this kept PC games cheap and
easily available right think about what
you're asking steam is far more valuable
than valve making half-life 3 yeah like
whoever just wrote that is advocating
for valve to give up steam take a moment
take a moment my friend because we don't
want that to happen okay rich yeah turn
her back on oh that was a that was a
quick and easy download there oh god
what happened can valve not do both well
they're early they're only interested in
doing one of these two things obviously
they're not interested in half-life 3
yeah and let's be honest but you say
valve should make games again all you
give a shit about is half-life 3
listen portals a great game do you
really do we really need portal 3 is it
necessary we did I I even though I
enjoyed a lot of it I don't think we
needed portal 2 but as you know what as
a as a company that was willing the the
reason would that we got portal is
because as a company valve was willing
to put out something that was a little
weird and risky they were they had their
money behind that so you know we'll
bundle this with with the half-life
series and with Team Fortress 2 because
it's a weird quirky little thing right
you know if people don't like it's
bundled with other games but they were
able to make it because they had a
little seal of approval
I like the Moneyball movie I know you're
I mean really remember the movie I
remember I loved the book though oh
there you go the book is better the book
is more interesting it's always that
case I did hear good things about the
movie though that's Brad Pitt and Jonah
Hill yeah yeah yeah
oh they went away they used to have like
red bricks on the floor over here
okay
we have to come up with a better way to
have our contributes it's the story
about how nerds changed baseball oh yeah
yeah and it's also a story about Billy
Beane and how he had all these
expectations to be a great player and he
wasn't and and why he wasn't and how the
new way they're looking at statistics
via Moneyball factors into why he wasn't
a great player it's a great book it
actually like as someone who is not a
sports fan in any way it actually sounds
like a really interesting read uh-huh so
by the way look at this creature I'm not
gonna fight it because it's too powerful
for me but I came across it on my way
over here look at this thing I'm gonna
get close and then I'm gonna run away
I want to get closer and run away
because it is so cool-looking just kill
it no I can't it's too powerful look at
it look at it isn't that cool
alright Roach run away run away hey do
you name him roaches his name just Roach
his name is just ok ok
I ran into that guy in my way I'm on a
little side mission an old lady asked me
to check out her house that was full of
ghosts yeah and I ran into that dude I
was like oh he's so cool look and I want
to fight him but he's at a much higher
level than I am so I'm not fucking with
him
it bothered me that Brad Pitt's team
never won a World Series well if you're
if you're looking up Moneyball is some
kind of feel-good narrative it's just
it's just not bad it's it's and and the
fact the reason the reason his team
didn't go on to win a World Series is
because other teams started ripping off
their system ah this is the same metric
is just a thing yeah that's what teams
do now whoa all right because they
changed baseball and changing the face
of baseball doesn't necessarily mean
winning at all the baseball's yeah well
I mean it means they were really
efficient with a cheap team they still
weren't good enough to win but they had
to put together a team on a budget sure
it's like there was a year when like I
think I was like the A's had a new owner
and they like slash the budget and what
they're willing to pay players and they
lost like a lot of good players when I
was like Mark McGwire and yeah they lost
some good players okay Jose Canseco I
think oh okay and say well now we got to
put together a team and we have we can't
afford good players and they they just
had to take another look on what made a
good player and how you can put together
a team efficiently with without using
superstars
okay
if there's a beer happy I can be the
chicken flavored chicken to chat soon
I love the Last of Us despite its balls
but I feel as if the sequel could
collapse under the weight of its own
bullshit well the first one collapsed
under the weight of its own bullshit
like almost immediately for me by all
accounts the second one looks to be
exactly the same as the first one so if
that's something you're into that's
great you're gonna have it for anyone
who really enjoyed the Last of Us it
looks like the Last of Us 2 is gonna be
a great time for you but for anyone who
didn't you ain't its then that's fine
that's that's fucking you know you know
what you know what the Last of Us is huh
it's macaroni in a flashy bowl all right
I'm down with your metaphor
no all right vanquish third person
shooter right Vanquishers of the third
person it's some high-quality macaroni
it's macaroni if there's there's bacon
in the macaroni your seasonings got
those breadcrumbs
we've got those bread crumbs on top and
you know what it's a very functional
Bowl okay it's a it's a it's a clean
it's a clean plastic bowl with smooth
lines it's but it's not a fancy bowl but
its pleasant to look at
it's a bowl that gets the job done yeah
The Last of Us
it's just straight-up Kraft macaroni and
cheese but it's in like a ceramic bowl
with all these designs carved into it
and there's like somebody put like an
umbrella into the bowl but it's just you
know what it's just plain watered-down
macaroni
I'm a gamer I want I want the fancy
macaroni in the in the plain bowl rather
than plain macaroni in the fancy bowl
I'm absolutely down with your analogy
here
yes I want macaroni not a bowl I'm a
gamer
love you rich but you're full of shit
how how am i full of shit please explain
how I am full of shit please explain how
the last of us isn't really bland
gameplay mechanics with a lot of polish
and storytelling in Polish
and and by and by the way I'm gonna play
a little devil's advocate here yeah
if you are a person who's just into the
story experience good for you enjoyable
right exactly really don't care but but
also understand that there is a
difference between story and gameplay
and if you dig the last of us because of
the story that's fine that's perfectly
fine
we don't want too harsh on your story
buzz but no matter how good your bowl is
that doesn't change the the quality of
mac and cheese that goes in it to keep
with this analogy we're not old lady yet
hey old lady I got rid of ghosts wait a
merchant
got anything interesting gig one says do
you guys have a wish lists of games you
want to play that are out not like a
list there's games I know I need to get
to and maybe I don't get to them someday
but yeah it's it's not a matter of just
going through a list because you have to
be in the mood for whatever it is we'll
agreed and like not only do you have to
be in the mood you need time yeah and
sometimes that's the part of the
equation that fails the hardest I mean
it for me at least where it's just like
like The Witcher 3 I have I have about
40 hours into it at this point in time
30 40 hours I forget like somewhere
around there and I would love to just
spend an entire week and play nothing
but Witcher 3 but that just won't happen
then you have Firewatch which is a
really fancy bowl there's just like a
bean in it
this is a single bean uncooked being
grateful though and the be like a lot of
people don't like beans but it's like
lentil it's like and it's dirty and it's
not for everyone but lentils are good
what are you crazy
oh yeah I think I have do I have a
saddle bag on Roach I don't actually
know
how do I know if I have a saddlebag on a
roach cuz I do there it is that a better
saddle David II know people says hey
Jake and rich hi you guys should play
injustice to now it was the perfect time
because it's Father's Day and Jack
promised what are some Jack promise oh
you did not but okay what are some
stories Jack of other lies you've told
lol fuck my pork pancake you do you care
to address this I have promised that at
one point we will play injustice to I
don't know if I necessarily promised we
would play it today okay
I like injustice and we should play
injustice too and I think playing it we
will have a lot of fun you'll talk about
comic books and general comic book
absurdity because last time we had a lot
of fun doing that if I need a roach near
me right to put this saddle on them no
no apparently not okay great all right
we're dead old lady you know
all right young once is rich your
favorite Star Wars character Jar Jar
Binks are jaxtr Dexter my favorite fire
escape character is John Crichton the
protagonist I think a show needs a good
strong solid protagonist that you like
and convert for well yeah he does do
that fish-out-of-water
young and so you know like he not only
is he the protagonist but like you know
he is he's also the the excuse for the
world-building is you know like they're
not just telling him what's going on
right right right yeah that's always
it's always better I think to have that
as your protagonist instead of like the
side character who's like what's this
light like the the the goofy sidekick
who doesn't know what's going on then
you just you just you're mad at the
sidekick why don't you know why don't
you know these things but if they're
telling us the audience through the eyes
of the protagonist that makes it a
little better a little easier to swallow
I think mr. bobble sock blobs mr. bobble
socks bombs says rich they have in the
bag a copy and Playkids was my favorite
of all time fantastic concept more
please there are currently no plans for
more half in the bag blinking with
palpitating no current plans Capone lol
says Jack don't forget to use bombs
they're great and you replenish them by
meditating also rich did you ever try
playing Witcher 3 highly recommended
it's my favorite RPG of all time one
guide you well right I know I know
there's some anal part of me though that
if I'm gonna play The Witcher series I'd
want to do them one two three oh well
and you know like I think I think just
from from age stand points just like I
just get those wait get to the good
stuff
this is an anal part of me that would
insist on plowing through one first
you're crazy man no yes you know like I
was playing a bit of Skyrim and I played
a little on the the you are or six dream
I and and I'm generally enjoying the
world of Skyrim and it's it's it's very
interesting and it's very deep it's it's
crazy deep though right now I'm at a
little bit of a problem where I'm
collecting all these books yeah and all
the books like you can learn stuff
through the books you can learn power
through the books and I don't
necessarily want to dump them anywhere
and I'm very close to buying a house but
I have no place to hold all my books
until I get a house and my my carry
capacity is always at almost full see
Skyrim's daunting just cuz that seems
like a game that requires a large chunk
of your time oh yeah yeah yeah
but here's the other part of Skyrim is
the combat super sucks yeah it is not
satisfying at all to win or lose it's
just your funk thunk thunk-thunk
it's the first-person melee is
frequently bad it feels bad okay it
feels really bad and so you know like
today was you know it's obviously it's
it was my day at home so it's a play-doh
which it's yeah and the combat in this
is very nice and visceral and so I even
though like and I like the monsters in
this better so I might be more of a
witcher 3 person as compared to skyrim
okay I got to get back on my quest here
tell the Baron yeah I gotta I gotta tell
the Baron what I learned about it
alright that's what I fear for cyberpunk
2077 yeah but it's cyberpunk so it'll
probably have guns
I imagine cyberpunk will be a bit of a
shooter which I could dig that well and
I mean we obviously we have to save a
ton until we actually see game oh that's
true but I mean I'm going to imagine you
know that that guns are a heavy part of
the combat
I things like yeah that's I'm sure that
they they showed guns in the trailer I
think that's a fair assumption
maybe guns and like hacking things to
work for you oh sure sure sure sure and
and like everyone who has played know
what no one can release gameplay footage
yet yeah but there was a you know a
playable demo at e3 and everyone who has
come out of that demo is busting at the
seams to be like you need to see this
it's so fuckin good it's so fucking good
yeah so I'm slightly hyped for cyberpunk
and just knowing how deep they can make
a world with worker through I'm
interested to see more yeah yeah yeah
it's gonna be fun in a bit well it's
gonna be fun let me finish that thought
it's going to be fun to see what they
come up with not necessarily but the
game is gonna be fun but it'll be fun to
see what they come up with
cyberpunk will have laser swords that
would suck it might have a laser sword
but who knows if that will be the yeah
the focus of the combat a midnight grind
says hey guys hey did you recently
discuss Logan's Run or am I losing my
mind
thanks if you did gracias as monkey as
it is I recommend it to anyone that
hasn't seen it and did you know that
it's possibly being remade I'm not
shocked that it's being remained because
it's old enough mm-hmm
dated enough at least visually it could
it could stand for a remake I I hope
they keep a lot of the same ideas we'll
say about that
I said as a fan of Logan run I think
that you and I have talked about this
Logan run is a Logan's Run is a
fantastic movie Logan's Run I love it
yeah it's not in my list of movies that
you shouldn't there's no reason to
remake it I'm not putting I'm not
putting Logan's Run in that category so
go ahead yeah I don't know that I I
don't know they're necessarily going to
do it right that's the that's the fear
of course get a dumber Logan's Run right
what's CGI but but we also could get a
more a more streamlined Logan's Run I
feel like it it does lose a little okay
and we have talked about yeah
yeah that's not just you we have talked
about it in the past it does it does you
know loser it sinks a little bit but it
Logan's Logan's Run is fantastic it's
it's it's two movies in one you get you
get two movies in one what else is on
mine ever remake list
well ghostbusters Robocop oh shit rich
euro for two no I know back to the
future could they remake that what do
you think well no it would suck but it
would it would you know what only the
only thing that would be interesting
about it back of the future remake yeah
would it would be like watching back to
the future through my dad's eyes okay
because that would be going you know
they would be going back to the 80s when
I grew up
see when I watch back the future as a
kid the 50s with some strange alien
thing to me and my dad watches back to
the future it's like those are the
things from my childhood so why in
general I think it's a bad idea yeah it
would be like I said it would just be
curious to watch it from the same
perspective my dad watch Back to the
Future from maybe instead of a remake we
just get back to the future for me
that'd be a soft reboot yeah of course
but yeah something could they make a
good version of it I think is the
question and yeah I mean the answer is
of course yes they can make a good
version of anything so now Roche who
gave me this quest the Baron I forget
what I'm doing here III was doing a
couple of side quests and I forgot about
what this quest was she's in crookback
bog got food pleased to live and keeps
herself busy didn't look like she had
the slightest desire to leave I was
supposed to find her and I did that was
our deal nothing more oh yeah I think
she said she didn't want to go back you
know there's there's some there so moral
choices when it when it comes to your
quests yes yeah and yeah I think I had
an option to like you know basically
kidnapped his wife and bring her back to
him and I might have chosen not to
you think me rotten to the core base
bastard don't you you believe I'll um
and have faults Fred what happened here
oh god what oh yeah this was this was a
really neat mission I don't know if you
remember I don't know if I play this
with you or if I play this on one of my
solo streams this this was a really
strange one where this baron tried to
raise his baby from the dead and there
was a zombie baby that we had to murder
I remember a ghost wife that was a ghost
mistress oh oh okay who ended up having
the stillborn baby that came back as a
zombie baby
that was that was actually one of the
missions that completely flipped how I
thought about this game and I was like
so down like you have to murder a zombie
baby and I was really happy let's see
here
so now I have to I have to this end you
know this is the the problem with a game
like this and taking such long breaks is
I have to remember what I thought about
him like he is kind of a bastard yeah
I'm gonna say you were at fault for what
happened here
yeah happy Father's Day zombie babies no
I chose to kill the zombie baby let's
see here probably gonna say you're not
the only one to blame alright then I'm
willing to hear your side of the story I
talk over the dialog uh you know
normally I would say yes but actually
this is a game I'm kind of into I know
she went with joy so laughter Samara was
born tomorrow they sent me to sit down
the warlord had risen against King
Athena and fall test sent help it was
one battle to the next one conflict
after another it was a life of war never
seldom how comforting hold on there's
there's something that's really
bothering me over here I have to leave
for a second
dude all three says hey guys just wanted
to say thanks for all the great content
been going through a rough patch
recently but prereq and red letter media
never fail to cheer me up when I'm down
dumb question
what video game world would you least
want to live in Star Wars almost any of
them like most of them in most of them
because because you're if you're just
living in a world you're not the hero
you're the fucking NPC that gets you
know trounced upon by ghouls and drunken
barons and Jedi's and Imperial
Stormtroopers yeah you're just fucked
you're fucked in whatever world you live
in but you know like I probably probably
what you know like the division 2 world
where everyone gets smallpox and dies
it's like fuck that everybody dies right
exactly
Yeah right
how is this different from a cutscene
you need snow you hate storytelling a
game I do I just want a pinpoint and
what is different about this that's a
great question and it's something I've
been trying to deal with I I think
because I think it's the same reason
that I hate naughty dog games yeah but I
enjoyed the first couple of mass effects
where you feel like you're a part of
damn world you feel like you're doing
something you're making a decision will
have an effect on things well and that's
the thing in in these all of these
cutscenes tend to lead to more gameplay
yeah like and it doesn't it's not just
like okay I play the game put the
controller down cutscene okay play the
game but here couldn't you in theory
just have just go to more gameplay
without cutscene oh sure you could but
then that doesn't well I I think the
game it's world building and gameplay is
immersive enough where I actually care
about these characters and you're coming
back to them over and over again I've I
think this this is it just does it so
well that I'm into it I just wanted to
clarify
yeah well people start bitching oh of
course of course and this just does it
well I'm into the world I'm into you
know this drunken bastard and his family
he killed his baby what you're saying is
this is actually immersive as opposed to
fake immersive where you're just playing
out someone else's script yes but I mean
and of course like this is all scripted
I know anything is scripted but I feel
like I have some control over what's
happening yeah and and I dig that okay
so yeah and I and I dig that and I'm
sure you know there are there are other
games that do it this well but I've been
turned off to so many cutscenes because
so many people I feel or so many games
do it poorly for a long time rich for
for most of my teenage years and my for
most of my 20s I'm gonna say for like a
good 15 20 years of my life yeah I
refuse to eat cake yeah hate cake I'd
have a birthday party don't make me cake
let's have cookies that's an ice cream
hated cake huh as I got older and you
know strung out on my own and you know
moved to a night in a nice area that had
like you know classy restaurants started
eating more cake and I just realized
that I've been eating shit cake my life
yeah like you have a kid birthday party
you don't buy him a nice cake by a shit
cheap cake from the grocery store right
or you make a box mix and like just I
was just having shitty cake all that's
yeah so I had convinced myself that I
hated cake and I just hated shitty cake
and so like The Witcher 3 is like oh
it's good cake good cake exists what's
rich really needs to finish the last of
us okay oh shit I played like the first
five hours yeah I kind of despised it
yeah I got it despised it assuming
presuming it's a 15 hour game yeah that
is let's say let's say after five hours
it magically stopped sucking that's
still a bullshit ratio of suck to not
suck even let's go let's go generous
let's say it's a full twenty hours it's
still bullshit that's one quarter of
hardcore sucks right right absolutely if
you can't if if a game can't get a
player in within the first four hours
it sucks that's that's why it's why I
had the idea let's do the first four
hours of anything beyond that like
that's it's just like a movie if a movie
can't convince an audience of its
premise in the first 20 minutes it's
gonna be a shit movie there are of
course exceptions to this rule
imagine Ana wasn't exactly pleased no D
understatement if I've ever heard one
she flew into a feet Hysterium threw
herself at me kicking and Cloyd decide
it was the first time I hit sir
oh that's a cobbler felt I had no other
means things changed
I know try to take your own life several
times she would defraud me go me talk to
me in the hope I would hit her again
perhaps she'd scream that I'd robbed her
life of love well or destroyed the our
day for her and some watches will kill
her
how many times I apologized
how many armfuls of blooms and she
cannot fathom how we survived those
years but we did there was you know not
everything was as it might have seen
yeah no she's living with some fucking
witches
what's so despicable The Last of Us okay
I keep getting I'll keep letting myself
get sucked in you do I do the so so we
have a couple options here yeah
is it the bland third person River
gameplay is it the bland stealth
gameplay or is it the the overwrought
long tedious cinematic sequences where
I'm playing out the game directors
scripted vision and not actually playing
a game yeah one of those things all of
those things it's all of those things
well and so well here's our options rich
yeah you you either have to just
completely put your blinders on and not
talk about the last of us or I have to I
know or we we have to do a full no I'm
gonna put the blinders on that's
probably the best cuz you know what rich
I don't want to do a full thing I don't
want to play The Last of Us okay I don't
want to on both sides oh that's what I
macaroni blenders that sounds a good
idea she was with child a child she
didn't want to bear rich was enjoying
himself when he first started streaming
the lessons but I kept waiting for the
game to start the fine cinematic opening
and I kept waiting for the game to start
to get interesting and then alright any
minute now
never turned into a fun game yes I know
this daughter died and that's very sad
and emotional I don't give a shit Don go
away then they place the magic tethers
on their tethers they cause great pain I
guarantee she'll pay off her debt
venturing into the swamp even with armed
men is just a bad idea it's a dangerous
place inherently I think those crowns
are a greater threat than anyone
realizes not sit on my ass waiting for
them to return would you white count on
their mercy if they had your daughter
probably not but I'm a Witcher he's
gonna get killed
great oh by the way the like you know
Gwent is again is a card game and it's
like we're right in the middle of this
intense conversation about like his wife
and possibly like sending his men to get
murdered and I have an option to say you
know what let's play some Gwen's I've
done my part your turn to do yours yeah
this dude's gonna get killed by a bunch
of witches
oh that green screens not perfect oh
yeah I noticed that on the Han the white
background shit I gotta play as her
again she plays a little differently
whoa shit
captain swc says hey guys night jack
I'm Jack glad to see you back into the
witcher 3 oh yeah man I've gotten back
into it as well after you've turned me
on to noclip and watched his doc on The
Witcher and CD Projekt projects Cheers
yeah oh man it's Dan he's so great I dig
I dig all of his documentaries even ones
about games I don't necessarily care
about like he has this one about Final
Fantasy online mr. cuddles says would
love your thoughts on my opera singing
included a short recording with a link
also i subbed I actually have some
monies I'm going to go get a good burger
from my local I can afford a burger you
did it congratulations and I will have
no good feedback on your opera singing I
hope sorry we're not gonna listen to it
I don't you know that that that strikes
me as suspect
kind of sucking do I have you don't even
have latchkey kid says rich you're okay
with RPGs and shit with shooting
mechanics do you think you'll ever try
fallout 4 shooting mechanics aren't
amazing but they're the best in the
series so far at least tons of weapons
and you can ignore the vats time stop if
you want I I didn't really have any
plans to I'm not I'm not morally opposed
to fallout you do you can't play fallout
for religious reasons I'm a I ate my
religion is very weird it's entirely
based on playing Fallout and I'll be
honest with you no other rules but
apparently I can get into heaven if I
just don't play fallout so people were
saying that was the worst in the series
or something it's it's Verizon it's
polarizing okay some people say it's the
worst other people say it's the best
basileus I've heard I've heard many
people and you know what I've I've heard
some people say it's the worst but they
still have like 500 hours into it yeah
oh this is just the worst I only have
500 hours into it is what it's like with
the stuff they say Jack I'm Jack thanks
for getting me into dead Sarah alright
yeah well thank the chat they they're
the ones that brought that up that's
it's it's a it's a but they're like a
rock band okay it's like a female
fronted rock band who and a the lead
singer just whales he's great thanks for
the person that let you know about the
new album
heavens got a backdoor is amazing yeah
like I you know I listen to their new
song they they have a new song called
like I'm an American that's their new
single and this singer on her other
songs just has this amazing natural wail
just like like a like a like a metal
just like a you know like old-school
like punky metal II singing voice right
and and it's great but on their new
single she uses like distortion on her
vocals and it just ruins the entire
thing it ruins the entire thing alright
so how did that guy you were talking to
teleport here and or how did you turn
into a girl right important this is a
flashback okay so in the main mission
right now gir alt is looking for Siri
okay okay not his daughter but his
daughter surrogate okay and and so
that's who he's looking for right now
and so the bloody baron is telling her
alt all of how he met Siri and so we
were playing a flashback and it's kind
of disturbing because she doesn't have
all the powers I'm used to and she plays
a little differently
I gotta go I gotta go up the bank okay
so get to the top of the tower so she
plays a little differently and it's a
little weird I don't think I'm doing
this right this doesn't feel right
Oh apparently if I went there I'd great
artist Neal bream says what is furiosa's
backstory I imagine she started out as a
bride of immortan joe while trying to
escape she lost her arm no longer being
perfect Joe cast her out then in a world
of rape and violence she worked her way
to becoming an Imperator Imperator I
think if anyone rejected immortan joe
they'd be dead um well I all right there
was what I always assumed I know George
Miller has since said and some kind of
interview or something somewhere that
she lost it a big battle yeah like an
epic battle that cause it was her arms
that ruined my little pet theory okay I
had always assumed the reason she wasn't
a bride is because she was born with a
deformity and thus she would not provide
him with the perfect children he wanted
hmm I like that but that theory got at
least as far as outside of the movie
like just people that the director
talking about I got shot down sure so I
think you can still hold on to that
theory unless they make her backstory
you know like that's just that's just
him gibbering
because if she lost the arm and Martin
Joe is I don't think he cared about the
perfect woman he care about the perfect
baby right a baby was perfect what a bit
a perfect baby boy but if she lost the
arm and still won the battle he would
care more about having a good warrior
because he already has a wife all right
but why would she even get to the point
of being in a battle why wouldn't she
have just immediately been thrown in the
waving chamber no there's a lot of women
in the community I mean she's a
good-looking woman but you know what
maybe that's why she shaved her head and
dresses the way she does to appear
unattractive to him more than Jeff okay
maybe it may be like the the reason she
became a warrior and she dresses an axe
the way she does was to be not feminine
to be unattractive to immortan joe maybe
that's why oh shit so that's what I'm
assuming Goblin guard says hey Jack hey
have you tried fortnight I'm the switch
I have my whole family is playing this
now as their favorite the graphics look
a bit more a bit more like Team Fortress
and overwatch then be more realistic pub
G graphics also like DC Universe it's
free you fucks the fortnight's got there
got their cornered staked out they well
they ripped off their corner no no no no
they they saw the tide man they saw the
tide and they go oh man they have pub
G's getting some popularity huh people
people like that Battle Royale but
here's what they did
here's why here's why they're way
smarter okay one they have a style
it's a fortnight fortnight has its own
unique style sure sure - a free-to-play
game so the barrier to entry is nothing
so it's all might they make all their
money for microtransactions and you know
cosmetic bullshit yeah and that's all
that matters that means every kid is
gonna play this game because it doesn't
cost any money no like why would you
spend 40 bucks to play pub G when you
can start playing a battle
Royalle for free probably 40 i however i
assume well however much pom g yeah it's
it's it's a you know a brilliant and
terrifying business model they're
killing it never played pub g because
it's paid to play wasn't it and that
better than microtransactions find a
pick between paid to play and pay to win
i'll take pay to play
yeah but fortnight isn't play to win
it's all cosmetics okay like you know if
you want the the cool dance move emote
you got to pay a buck you know if you
want the goofy outfit you got to pay a
buck that kind of stuff and i know like
right now pub g is trying to sue
fortnight for ripping them off yeah and
you just have no grand sanam it's crazy
yeah and i think as far as gameplay goes
i would probably prefer pub G because
it's simpler can you imagine a world
with the only platformer anybody was
allowed to make was Nintendo with Super
Mario Brothers it was the only
platformer ever allowed that's it that's
it we have we have the copyright on but
if you would like to make a man don't
think so
if you would like to pay us money Sonic
more like son on who's our intellectual
property of the platformer you can pay
us money right oh by the way and if if
that works a Nintendo would never make
another game again they would sit back
and the money would rake in because they
owned the idea of platforming I can't
out of town but but you know like I I
enjoy the simplicity of pub G more
because fortnight has this whole
building aspect to it that still doesn't
quite click with me but on the other
side of thing fortnight also has a ton
of different gameplay options actually
they hit they have a really fun one I
downloaded it for the switch and played
it just to see how played it plays fine
they have a really fun option right now
that's a fifty versus 50 battle it's not
everyone for themselves
you get split up into two teams of fifty
and so you need a blue team versus red
team yeah go nuts you start out you each
of you starts on your
side of the map that seems like it would
start fair and then by the end it's just
you you already know who's gonna win and
every be boring pretty much but you know
what it's great at introducing people to
the concept you get to learn the map you
don't necessarily have to you know it's
not all on your own it's a good place to
start let's get mantle on me all right
all right it would be it would be
pitfall Activision would be making all
the money on the platformer all right
yeah well you think that counts as the
first is it as a side-scrolling
platformer yeah capital drab pitfall
okay I'm just try you know yeah I guess
the fun police came in and say it would
have the only first-person shooter over
fuckin old school it'd love giving shit
away take a source code we're not using
it right but would it be it or would it
be the company they made that first
dungeon crawler for oh you're right and
then what are you're right and then even
even to go before that would it go to
this you know the the Bethesda hadith at
Elder Scrolls Arena for the PC is that
pre all that stuff er is that a
different thing well you know like how
far back do you go ray first-person
stuff right yeah Ultima Underworld I
think was the around the same time as
your Wolfenstein sure sure and that was
like a first-person perspective yeah
okay yeah what's the history what's the
history on all this shit
yes a world where it wouldn't even have
been able to have made Wolfenstein let
alone doom Wow Wow hmm fuck it
everything is pong yep but the pong
people could make that argument
everything is every you give we'd we'd
win at a video game nobody else could do
a video game it's ours you talk about
right but but then of course you know
the the television people would say we
we have the right on moving images on a
screen and then you know the movie
people say nope nope nope we got that
but then the what was that called the
the stylus scope yeah or whatever
whatever the the rotating animated gif
was you know that thing what was it
called Stelio scope the very first like
Nickelodeon I think a Nickelodeon Ziya
the Zia trope what was that it and the
little thing that's spun with with the
several different images too it's a
simulator engine Karen just mentioned
this the other day I just don't remember
a rotating animated gif you know what
I'm talking about yeah geo trope I know
space war came before pong Chad but it
wasn't space war always public domain
wasn't that just some jackasses on a
college campus I'm the computer for fun
and when they when they weren't doing
serious Burke what the computer just
made that in a lark I'm Matt I'm not
sure anybody ever owned Space Warp like
nobody else had a fucking computer
you know the clay one on a college
campus it wouldn't that's a goofy
looking thing
what the fuck was in yeah thank you
doesn't look like a monster but my
medallion was trembling strange where'd
you find him I won him in a game of
cards oh it's great nothing better to
play for us what I would ask I got it
that's great I want a little monster man
in my game of cards
I like this guy the guy gambled this
little freak man he's like I didn't want
him fuck it with a card so you know I
got me a little Me's beast man you know
John wants to know if you can win him in
a game of Gwent against this guy great
wouldn't that be great instead of Roach
following me around I could get a little
monster man to fell behind your back you
throw bombs at people that would be
great
I wouldn't look Judah mately loved that
but I'm sure that's not in the cards
here my guess is he's gonna be a little
side mission and I have to choose are
you Troy
we're huh what are you trying well yeah
I'm gonna see where it goes
I'm gonna guess I have to choose whether
I like I free him or something like that
even got a gesture well no but he
doesn't look dangerous direct him to
attack enemies like a boy gotta for I
would love that
I would absolutely love that like girls
who is this like you know handsome
dashing badass witcher and then he's got
his little his little like monster
friend wait I want to see what's up
what's a little monster man I want to do
the Monster Mash I'm feeling I'm feeling
better but my sinuses are fucked oh I'm
very sorry I'm I'm very very sorry this
game I can see if you're only seeing
what I'm playing at this exact moment
why this game would look boring I I
guess it's not is my only defense like
there's so much action you're in a
talkie section I'm in a very talky
section I just got out of a very action
II section I was playing this earlier
and you know my kids were hanging out
and watching and you know we fought some
monsters fought a little dragon thing
and and then like I was just looking
around a house like that old lady's
house trying to like find clues of what
happened to her husband oh and and my
kids were just like do you think this is
boring and I was like no but I
understand why you do you can go you
don't have to know I'll watch and I was
but I was just like poking around and
like looking for clues and stuff like
know what's over there you know speaking
of open worlds where you can just a
counter monsters and whatnot yeah around
for hours mm-hmm Dragon's Dogma is also
on GOG no oh I just read bought a ton of
stuff that I had noticed is now on GOG
you you want that you want that copy
just in case yeah I got me some ex come
I got me some Dragon's Dogma again and
I got the quake series uh-huh mostly
again I'd only ever owned three and I
mean I definitely I can't complain I've
often bought games for multiple systems
so even though technically I have it I
have a drm-free version because I have
it on CD
I got doom three just because with GOG
just less of a hassle yeah yeah yeah I'm
gonna go see if I can find that monster
man now I need to now I need to buy
another hard drive just to store this
shit on my backups yes like especially
if you're actually worried about you
know this shit that's the reason I want
the drm-free copy right so I'm
untethered to the internet and I can
reinstall this shit whatever so now now
I need to get a harddrive just for the
extra space to store some of this shit
on because it seems like GOG starting to
get the more recent stuff now when I
first started it was just like the old
abandoned where crap and Sierra games
was all they had yeah yeah no more more
newer things are making its way to GOG
absolutely well and you know like they
they're doing you know a lot of
cross-buy you know where is it'll it'll
appear on Steam and GOG do I like doom
three I was always fond of it but then I
replayed it after playing doom 2016 and
I was like oh yeah this really isn't
that good and I don't I don't despise it
but I liked it far less after playing
doom 2016 a monster man rich is a video
game prepper that would not be an
inaccurate statement I'm a video game
prepper yeah yeah you're you're
preparing for the day that that steam
decides that you can't play your games
until you do something
what is it oh okay okay that's all
that's all you're doing I wanted to see
if I could find the monster man in here
somewhere and I don't think he's in
there I wanna see if there's a little
side quest with the monster man are you
in here nope
leave me be where's the monster man he's
upstairs
I hope the last of us two will be on GOG
you know what I'm not a horrible monster
that doesn't want you to have things you
like so I hope it is - that's great rich
look over here you can enjoy the things
you like his last of us even on PC I
thought that was a PlayStation exclusive
I didn't even know I don't even know I
would assume that's a PlayStation
exclusive just because I think the first
one came to steam at some point but I
don't really remember chat jab inform us
of these things
and grant
it's it's pure assumption that that I
think it's it's only on PlayStation
I do this already yeah I did hey where
is that little booger trying to find
that little monster man I don't think
he's here what he well maybe he's with
you no he only showed up after I agreed
to help the Baron so I'm gonna assume
that he is like with the Baron when I
meet up with him during this next
mission but I was thinking maybe he was
any other time I'm fine
fine I'm going gotta go fight some
witches back to the witches
cephalo pathetic says yo jack yeah this
friday pub G is releasing their small
map uh-huh think you'll revisit the game
also Ryan's babe even knowing the plot
from the episode I wasn't prepared for
how incomprehensible it would be it is
oh yeah we there's there's no way we can
do that game or that that movie justice
for how batshit insane it is it's just
not so bunk there's a reason it drove us
a little bit nuts yeah I can't donate it
says do not play fallout 4 I am going to
steal a criticism someone said about it
every conversation has four things you
can say and all of them lead to yes you
will help them with your with their
problem it is only self-imposed role
playing and no role playing in story
yeah
you'd one says I have 300 hours on
Witcher 3 New Game+ Death March it's
great except for dogs and race those are
things I don't know about I don't know
about dogs and wraiths and now I don't
think I have a problem with rights whoo
traitor no I must have gotten this
already guys not in here either
whoopsie should have used a ladder
speaking of Ryan's babe I noticed on the
case it had directors commentary have
you given it a listen to it all to get
out of the idea of what the guy was
thinking no we have not listened to the
commentary track we didn't see a
interview with him on the DVD though we
watched that yeah yeah that was intense
it was it was intense how brazen he was
about how much he knew it was bad right
yeah you know we made it on a budget
sure all of the the overdub is off but
you know he thought it was great anyway
exactly yeah but but but he was just
like yeah we did this wrong we did this
wrong the overdub who cares I made a
movie I'm a doctor roach
