Jun 25, 2018
Shattered Frauds
twitch.tv/videos/278468225
youtube.com/watch?v=vXk-1kfCfys
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1011355781575462914

I'm sorry titled spider-man fuck it
perfect spider-man horribly off-center
perfect that's good enough to clear that
good enough for me all right boom right
back into the game room yeah good here's
that okay there's some tips word we
leave off I don't know man you watch the
new season of West world did you read
that one no I have not read that one
okay I'm watching the new season of West
world but I'm like four episodes behind
so I'm not very close I think one for
that premium Pro okay Wow is there one
before that for which for me one under
that is the injustice - oh man we are
gonna Empire State University after dark
semester and there yet and the master of
illusion himself and Stanley marriage
they should have gone full dome I can
smell your but in general I like that
costume why no man wait how wouldn't you
eat a mint through that fishbowl oh yeah
that's not bad
Neil Patrick Harris
nice don't get me wrong your illusions
are if you but if you ask me they could
use a little more
uh-huh
souvenirs are available in the gift shop
stop it
seats your incessantly
yeah Neil Patrick Harris isn't bad
or spider-man broke it I take it this
one is an open world I have no idea I
didn't get that far I just got through
this tutorial okay so this night wasn't
strange enough already the tablet of
order and chaos is the most powerful of
the tablet of order and chaos that might
be the lamest name of anything tablet of
order and chaos
come on the tablet of cord oon the the
writings of Alice no he doesn't do all
the spider-man voices in fact spider-man
noir spider-man is Christopher Daniel
Barnes who did the voice in the 90s
cartoon other knees yes I have explained
our dire situation to them they will be
your allies in this quest but I'm the
most charming right you must gather all
the pieces of the tablet before they
fall into the wrong hands or our reality
as well as theirs would be utterly
destroyed how many different versions
experimented using this yeah I think
it's just the four no what are the four
$1.99 Noir ultimate and amazing or
spectacular or whatever ultimate
ultimate like 16 year-old Peter Parker
room let's get started
I believe I believe ultimate is is kind
of like black suits 16 year old Peter
Parker
okay because and she said like in the
same time but in a different in a swift
universe and so it's alright and now
scale the wall with your unique adhesive
abilities I believe the technical term
is stick empowers yep I'm crawling up a
wall - Tori oh science ed says hey guys
I need these he launched a new season of
Westworld just head of the season finale
detecting I've not even seen the first
West world's is fantastic show by the
way and if you're looking for yet
another good sci-fi show to watch ok
West world is it rather beefy spider-man
you know he's been hitting the juice
he's working out he's you know it's fine
I gotta I gotta invert those controls
yeah he's kind of a little beef to him
that's alright ever played maximum
carnage no I have not played maximum
carnage I could say the maximum carnage
well at the time was my least favorite
spider-man story but they've had so many
loads since then maximum the Bluefish
doing in the black suit stay calm
young Peter this suit has extra
abilities you would
like what trying to take over my body I
said stay calm my psychic powers will
keep it from overwhelming you yeah well
I hope yeah this is ultimate spider-man
everybody forgets that he had a cloth
version of that outfit three years yes
and that outfit looks amazing everyone
does forget that yes because now black
outfit is Cyndi and you can run across
narrow walkways such as this one without
fear of falling due to your natural
agility and powers of adhesion the
fragment is at the end of the corridor
can you swing across to it you and I
lady it's my trademark okay what are
your thoughts on carnage and possible UV
control they're talking about doing a
car in jammu V or something
I have no idea
courage was fun for one story but
honestly a little bit too dark for
spider-man
that's the carnage thing he just murder
he's a serial killer with a symbiote
costume he just kills everyone he runs
across
he's very deep a character yes I'm here
they're supposed to do something else
use your spider sense they're like the
only other thing they showed you to do
no you gotta get that thing
you think
yes I know that carnage is kind of
venoms kid I'm well aware I I happen to
think the venomous probably spider-man's
most overrated villain
I don't mind venom is a villain uh-huh
there's not much depth to that rivalry
at least not as originally written venom
has some of the weakest motivations of
any fictional character outside of
Anakin Skywalker I think the game
glitched Eddie Eddie Brock his whole
thing is spider-man cocks the real
killer and ruined my newspaper story I'm
so mad at spider I'm so mad at
spider-man for saving those lives yeah
it's a really weak motivation for
spending decades wanting to kill
somebody yes yes and Eddie Brock in
ultimate spider-man somewhat better
somewhat better because they had this
kind of whole brother situation but but
Peters parents love them more and
there's a little deeper that's kind of
what they did in the spectacular
spider-man cartoon okay at least yeah
childhood friend Peters yeah but you
always had a better Pete and you oh you
took advantage of it yeah
I gotta admit this suit does feel
apparently under control yes he's a cool
visual but honestly if you like the cool
visual then you're all just safe
spider-man where the cloth version of
the black suit every now and then and
you get your awesome visual yeah
the venom has substance not motivation
he's a big giant monster that wants to
kill spider-man where's the substance
there unless you're actually talking
about his physical muscles he's okay but
he is definitely overrated as a villain
all he has is a neat visual oh my god oh
my god blind one-eyed monster yes
venom is the Darth Maul of the
spider-man universe yes you are that is
you nailed it
you you nailed it you're absolutely
right
you're absolutely right also this game
is very broken yeah I actually don't
know if we'll be able to I have
progressed fastest in the game before
you blame Todd McFarlane Todd McFarlane
gets too much credit for venneman he did
give venom of the mouth okay and
probably the bulk sure but like when you
think of the tongue that's flapping
around and the those eyes that are all
fucked up and jagged and this this
horrid teeth and the like the super
elongated mouth yeah that's all Eric
Larson mmm
basically Todd McFarlane just gave him
mouth and then Eric Larson thought the
character was so boring he drew him in a
way that he thought was fun yeah yeah
the savage dragon guy who was one of the
better spider-man artists but he doesn't
get enough credit because he took over
after Todd McFarlane who was an
overrated
spider-man artist
games broken just restart loadable safe
I did already you already did close out
the game and start up the game again we
might need to hello I give this one more
try
I've restarted the mission again Savage
Dragon is still going on the artist
horrible well he's been kind of books
for thirty years he's getting older he
might be burnt out Erik Larson I don't
know
but back in the day I love me some Erik
Larson now the other knees make that
joke alright yes it's one of my favorite
comic book creators don't skip any of
the posts it's all you skipping post
I'm web-swinging no that's the post
tutorial I already did the posts and do
all the posts yeah the suit never made
spider-man stronger or faster either
that's all horseshit man
well I'm saying the swinging seems like
shit in this game it's hard to say
because a granted shed you know I don't
have a good area to web-swing yet you
know like if they've given me a corridor
to swing in so far so it's hard to say
okay and I haven't swung at anything
else
so still broken I'm supposed to be gonna
restart the game I did I just quit I
just quit it and now you're frozen wait
mother fucker yeah there we go
and closed window I'm thank you rich
isn't trying to undermine anything he's
just talking about spider-man spider-man
spider-man does whatever a spider care
or no it's throw we'll listen bored
he's got pretty old active blood his
yeah there goes bad man does it make me
want to take a swing at the game like
like with my fists maybe again this game
I know yeah I know
spider-man 29 it's neat that you can be
spider-man 2099 but it's not impressing
me as a game so far though I've only
seen some tutorial stuff I and by the
way I have also only seen tutorial stuff
so I'm really looking forward to getting
into the actual game yep we don't care
about that oh come on
oh god you're starting from back here
sad the spidery I always have that hunch
no I mean this he might I don't know
look how forward his neck is he's got
really bad posture doo doo doo doo doo
tired senses ps1 as bad as it was in
hindsight was miles above its
competitors like Saturn 3do and n64 okay
that might be true but compared to the
PS I don't I don't have any hate for the
ps1 I'm trying I don't I'm trying to
think of I mean I of course I was an n64
guy yeah and I also had a Dreamcast for
a bed so I'm trying to think of what the
big ps1 games were besides Final Fantasy
7 or wait was that a ps2 game
oh that's right Metal Gear Solid that
was ps1 yeah
there we go that was that was worth it
and everyone thinks I'm nuts I was fond
of megaman legends on the ps1 you are
nuts it's one of my favorites oh man
that that game that game controls like a
like a tank on Greece was an early 3d
game yes yeah that that game is I played
I played approximately 45 minutes of
that game not because you talk about it
so much and it sucked
I love the way they do dungeons because
all of like the dungeons aren't separate
things they're all actually
interconnected mm-hmm there's a whole
underworld in that game okay that I find
need I think the town is a really neat
town section I I like the way they
handled you finding new items like you
build them from junk you find just
exploring the dungeon hmm this part of
this part this part oh they can be bind
to make this new gun okay I just shit
you find from exploration I like that
aspect of the game a whole lot okay
and yes one of the early 3d games big
big shock doesn't control super amazing
compared to other modern 3d games it
really doesn't I could deal with a
remake of Mega Man Legends hmm I could
deal with that sure
you gotta hit every fucking thing here
tired and sad says what is one of your
favorite modern zombie films my modern
specifically they're just trying to to
take Romero out of the equation yep
the original dawn of the dead.the this
by far the best of my my opinion of the
zombie movies the original dog of the
day yeah the original is great the the
pilot episode of The Walking Dead yeah
that is the best modern zombie movie you
were right it's amazing all right it's
absolutely amazing
I might go as far as to save you know
obviously like seasons here there but
but yeah the the pilot episode of The
Walking Dead is a fantastic zombie movie
oh yeah Sean the dead Shaun of the Dead
so is this the same spider-man's mind
different bodies no no we're controlling
different spider-man she's talking to
the different spider-man throughout many
verses the ultimate version seemed to be
the same one that's the game sure Roth
nope nope it's not it's different voice
why was he confused about wearing the
stood suddenly because she gave him the
suit suddenly because he needs more
power it's dinner different all right
they're different rich
oh no video game footage ah you're right
I did it I got through the thing and you
got through the thing to him that sucks
well
again see never miss an opportunity to
subdue an enemy even in the five minutes
that we've seen why didn't you guys spam
anything earlier fuck's sake just over
now try to grab your enemy
you're not getting away come here it's
busy answering the stupid zombie
questions I'm Jesus geez Louise I have
saved him from safety
I threw him off a building and she says
I saved him from danger and transported
him to safety because I imagine this is
spider-man 2099 no the shame is
spider-man 29 but 2099 would make for an
awesome little game mm yeah what the
gliding yeah yeah I don't disagree but I
mean also that would be just Batman
Arkham Knight which was I've talked
about this many times that was my
favorite part of Arkham Knight is just
bat grapple I got basically played
Arkham Knight like spider-man yeah where
I grapple hook and glide throughout the
entire city I love that I think there
was a lot of people yeah you'd like
cities because there is no Batmobile and
it's the the city glide around just like
you would like to do in Arkham Knight
looks like criminals forces in this
world have already found one of the
fragments they've taken over the station
Hennis used to be such a nice place I
use the shadows to your advantage
that's a cool outfit see if you consumed
the new spider-man is totally just
spider-man Arkham Asylum
yeah the combat doesn't look that much
like the Arkham combat ok ready for
Arkham Asylum stealth takedown
the funny thing is though that style of
combat would totally work for spider-man
yeah an enemy spots you it is imperative
to defeat him quickly or retreat either
into the shadows or high above I have
gifted you with new web swinging powers
they will be useful in this respect Oh
like this
thanks for the enhanced powers lady the
web's normally just kind of splatter
everywhere use your spider sense to
locate the fragment
what okay
Oh through that gate Arkham Knight
really bad or is it worth playing that's
worth playing
Arkham Knight yeah oh definitely worth
playing but it's it's the least of the
arkham games it is the least of the
arkham games i think i'm ok in saying
that uh well you know i've only played
you know i still haven't finished yeah
Arkham Arkham Asylum so it's hot so it's
really hard for me to say sorry you're
gonna miss your train origins is
underrated I'd agree with that I'd agree
with that if they sold Arkham origins as
a expansion pack for Arkham City I don't
think people would bitch near as much as
they do see Arkham origins yeah to make
it quick quick quickly and cheaply it
basically uses the same exact overworld
map as Arkham City okay they put
Christmas decorations around in snow if
you care about such things it's actually
one of the stronger stories in the
series sure sure
Oh David I know people's just trying to
troll me again what are you doing no no
Richard only agrees about what he
already likes and say he thought that
statement was so stupid
obviously I won't send me into a fury
obviously that's just such a stupid
statement and that's the end of it no
Spidey it's just the beginning of course
many dimensions okay this is as far as
I've gotten
for what WB declaring it wouldn't fix
known bugs in favor of showing a DLC
that's too bad but there's a lot of good
Dark Knight Arkham angling see there's a
lot of good in our night and she's good
world really good side-missions good
kind good combat our Arkham City is the
game you want though it is I think I
have it I think I purchased them during
during a Steam sale I'm pretty sure I
have Arkham City these
wasn't there a really old spider-man
where the his Peter actually had warm or
arms he had to wear special invisible
gloves sleeves to look like a normal
person there was a comic issue where he
had extra arms what a last one stanley
100 mm-hmm and as far as the invisible
sleeves thing you might be thinking
about the what if comic what if
spider-man never lost his extra arms yes
that was an issue of what if he had the
extra arms that might be what you're
thinking of oh this might not be an
open-world by the way I didn't think it
was no interesting
you think they were gonna make for
different open worlds this is why I said
it was a shame when I saw spider-man
2099 because I knew this wasn't gonna be
open oh sure sure I don't know cuz that
big fun to get around is 2099 Spidey is
twitch broken it looks fine on our and
would refresh your page says the freemen
are selfish this dramatic fragment right
there waiting for me to Greenwich and
I'm looking at the twitch app right now
the streams can no longer be joined
don't refresh which is weird I'm looking
at it right now on the ABS okay and
we're moving can you refresh Oh actually
you know what I clicked on it is is
previously recorded went offline this is
a twitch problem I wouldn't risk us
stopping and starting the screen stream
no no this is a twitch problem this is
not a this is not an us problem
okay I can't get over the fact that this
virtual Spider Man looks like a pro
wrestling juice and spider-man juice and
Spider Man with that may sound crazy
juice and spider-man twitch is working
out right now games done quick has gone
dark
I know games done quietly something's
going on I don't know what's going on I
usually enjoy watching games done quick
it's good you know it's tough because
you know I don't know when they stream
and they they seem to do it often games
done quick yeah well they do it
marathons they do it like it's like a
week straight 24 hours oh I know but
it's not like it's not like every year
every six months it's just like ads no
no it's not like the same days every
year I don't think that it's every
winter every summer it's a nice-looking
Craven I like that Craven I have no
strong feelings about this Craven is it
just because you have no strong feelings
about Craven I like Craven yeah I dig it
I dig Cravens stick
which is there any game in particular
you could see yourself speedrunning
briefly very briefly for the fuck of it
I considered looking into learning how
to speedrun blood-borne okay that's big
that's a huge job yeah what it's like I
got now you know what I got too much
shit to do I can I can't I can't get
into that
I mean speedrunning literally any game
Craven's last hunt I had no I like I
said I like Craven no what do you what
do you
I like Craven I like his whole stick I
sent us he's dead now is he
you'd know that if you had red and
Craven slash talk well then apparently I
didn't know if you're gonna track it
down I could spoil it for you go ahead
he kills himself oh oh he kidnaps
spider-man yeah and he's gonna beat
spider-man by being a better spider-man
that spider-man was so he doesn't kill
spider-man but he buries him alive and
then he puts on a spider-man costume and
he goes around fighting crime for a bit
and then when he feels like he has been
better than spider-man he shoots himself
in the head alright I think it meanwhile
spider-man has to claw his way out of
his grave he's alive now they brought
Kraven back oh that sucks
that was a decent death doesn't say when
did he do this cuz he was back for
Squirrel Girl
is that one of his kids that came back
or something
that's how you put the zing in Amazing
Spider then that's what I do I break
glass
it seems my men have not proved much of
a challenge
yeah this is just like a brawler Color
Me underwhelmed I haven't seen a little
bit of this game like videos who won out
and it came out that was I was yeah a
little underwhelmed by this David I know
people I don't hate you I just think
you're trying to troll me every now on
that think you say I think you're trying
to get under my skin I think that and
that doesn't mean I hate you that does
not offensive ities
I think Rocksteady's new game was going
to be Arkham but with Superman well the
rumor the rumor is they're working on a
Superman game I don't know that it will
or can or should be just like their
Arkham games though I imagine it'll play
and feel different but I'm happy to see
them do a take on Superman how do you
you heard of this I have not heard of
this Rocksteady the people who do the
Arkham games yeah supposedly supposedly
they're working on a super noon game
I've been working on since Arkham Knight
and interest yeah I mean it couldn't we
couldn't play the same and just wouldn't
make any damn sense oh god no no no
Markham is all about you know sneaky and
brawling yeah like Superman's not gonna
he's not gonna brawl all around in the
shadows doing takedown moves right Oh
God
I
captain President donated 16 dollars and
says here jack
consider your toll paid hey thanks
captain president
my tolls are now payin
like you know one that spider-man game I
was playing whatever now and then one of
the cars would blow up yeah you have to
save the civilian yeah falling to their
doom there's got to be a lot of shit
like that oh yeah like if any if any
person dies you pay a home that's
totally make it an instant film that
would be a big part of the gameplay just
rescuing bystanders from
collateral damage yes as it should be
like maybe it's easier to win by being
very destructive but but you get less
Superman points for that yes you get a
better score for Less collateral damage
you do another boyband
are you guys gonna sing for me rich is
30 seconds hypothetically there's
already two Superman movies
well yeah but I could've been i could've
been saying a lot of random things and
it would have been sacked schneider is
on record of saying he does not like
superman as a character it is therefore
not shocking that you know someone who
does like superman as a character will
do a better job at you know being true
to his character has anyone heard
anything about Bendis his run on spider
Superman how's he gonna ruin it no well
he will eventually ruin it of course but
first he'll fix it first he'll fix it
and everything will run smooth and great
and then he'll run
bad guy
bingo
you have done it I have done it okay
okay I'm doing it you keep doing it I am
I plan on it
Kiyoshi HS says hey longtime fan a
red-letter medium
I just wanted to say thanks for years
we've got attainment thanks for playing
also this is one of my favorite
spider-man games also be happy you did
not have to play this game on the Wii
like I did
haha you know it's it's definitely not
what you what I was it's not what I was
expecting in a spider-man man you know
I'm so used to of course open-world
spider-man game some weird looking the
spider-man just because he's so thick
Oh
oh this is a private fight or can I join
you
not bad if I do say so myself come on
what do I need to do right now I did it
don't worry I did it get the silver
things they give you points
name was Corsair sense wait can I just
point out that according to that
cutscene Mysterio just Mysterio just
wanders around his crappy a public a
folk costume that's an illusion it's
just an illusion oh no I was gonna say
that actually makes a surprising amount
of sense no mystery no I'm a serious
whole thing was he was a frog yeah but
don't you think he would walk around his
apartment wearing his costume no
Bicester costume was part of the fraud
special affection illusion I mean
everybody everybody knows that he's the
illusion guy now yeah but a mysterious
first appearance he was posing as a
doctor strange type oh yeah sure okay he
was he was making out like it was some
kind of mystical powerful Lulu I do the
magic
yeah and it was all a load of crap
hey uncle which is why future
appearances were always weird for
Mysterio this clinch who knew he was
full of shit
that bit doesn't work anymore right no
but originally it was like he was a dr.
strange type position nope all the bots
and your dog's time yep upgrade did we
see rampage that new movie with a rock
no but I saw his the new trailer for his
new movie that's die hard only it's not
called die hard die hard with the rock
yeah skyscraper or whatever the fuck
it's called yep are you supposed to jump
cross the gap now I think I'm so he shot
the tree before and it fell down there
we go spider-man I'm sure the answer to
that is yes but you know the game says I
got to do things but he only has he only
has one leg in the new skyscraper movie
yeah that's a whole bit
I missed that yeah he's like a former
Marine he lost a leg his family's there
his family's in the skyscraper and he's
there it's like a security consultant I
think I could still be a die-hard reboot
just in in in this reboot continuity
John McClane is missing a leg oh yeah
yeah I can still work make some more of
an underdog you know like listen the the
rock oh god the bad guys gonna be
holding on to his
and he's gonna just unhook the language
that's what they're gonna do wasn't it I
mean that's got to happen sometime yes
and the bad guy every pause of the leg
yeah he's not just gonna fall to the
ground he's gonna fall into a helicopter
that's like flying underneath and fall
into the rotary blades right because it
has to be more on this it has to be more
awesome yes
I like the last Boy Scout and I don't
remember that what he followed or how
I wouldn't surprise me now that that is
something that would happen in the last
Boy Scout yes
we fix the snapping of a helicopter
balloon blowing I totally don't remember
that I just remember the stupid Surf's
Up punch is explaining to Damon Wayans
how you do one-liners
let me guess two men enter one man
leaves
am i right skull collection may I
suggest an accoutrement perhaps
something from the webbing collection
you know this is a little too much too
much what Neil Patrick Harris okay
was it him version the script the the
the script and how much he and more and
the sound editor the how much they they
insist on using him watch just find an
episode of the MTV cartoon again I don't
think he's bad Matt I think it's
actually good
oh I bullet I believe that I hear he's
just he's clipping way too much you know
right just like every single line is
equipped
and we just don't need that we just
don't need it every single it's not
clipping too much they just suck too
much what we need is a quick slider rich
Neil Patrick Harris is finding that
cartoon everything else in its slide
yeah I was a fine
it was a fine with spider-man cartoon
that was a follow up to the Sam Raimi
movie like that basic style and those
birds you kind of those versions of the
characters sure what am I supposed to do
with the spider I think this was first a
night the best spider-man cartoon is
spectacular
letting beasts shit spikes spikes spikes
spectacular spider-man is quintessential
old-school spider-man comic books
and with your moves my place
bitch do you read the 90s Clone Saga
that was the first time I walked away
from spider-man I didn't like what they
were doing and I wasn't about to support
them financially so I I left the comic
books during the Clone Saga and I came
back afterwards
then I left again around the time John
Byrne was stinking things up when they
did the the new number one reboot and he
was writing or just garbage
I was probably into ultimate it's not
what what what and sometimes the fight
will get up close and personal staler oh
shit spider-man's a very acrobatic
character any kind of first-person
spider-man sequence should be
vomit-inducing
this is yeah this is very strange did
you read one more David that was the
last time I left spider-man and I have
never come back sciences I stopped
stopped breathing during the Clone Saga
came back I stopped reading during John
Brian's just being a shit Lord and then
I came back and then they did one more
day and you know what Marvel had told me
to fuck off enough and I finally got the
message and I never came back
John Bryan burn I never know how to
pronounce this fucking man
but dyr Andy you're a beard I always
want to say Bryan but I know that I know
that some mild dyslexia talking was
happening
doesn't that outfit cheap
what do you mean they told you to fuck
off when when a character you like is
being written badly you don't stick
around and keep supporting them you stop
giving them money and you go away you
know it depends it's like it's like yeah
how many how many times is it a fool me
once shame on you fool me yeah twice
shame on me right and so like yeah they
have a bad run sure you stick with them
for a little bit they had done enough
stupid things with spider-man and I was
I was sick of coming back to them with a
battered housewife yeah
Oh kind of suckin and that's fine
Mark Waid ruined the spider-man again so
you're not missing out rich
no did that Vance lot guy left we've
kept telling me he was doing good work
there's my spider-sense make children
crisis in your space quest three
playthroughs you mentioned ven Yahtzee
crow shows books yes wondering if you
ever tried any of his indie adventure
games specifically five days of stranger
series or 1213 there are free download
at his site fully Rambla Maddock comic
right I haven't played this game maybe I
should first-person shit smear
yeah and it's it's it's difficult to
navigate I think I get what they're
going for like you got to watch out for
him to attack and it you know you ever
feel the desire to 100% a game we do you
prefer to impose your own goals I
usually prefer to impose my own goals
the game I like I usually try to do the
no death run
oh sure
give me the marker yeah and then you
know that's fun you know there's many
games that I like to you know say oh you
know this run I'm doing this you know
like my hammer run with blood-borne yeah
like this is my hammer run I'm only I'm
only using the hammer yeah that's more
fun thing you're this is how I'm playing
at this time there's games I've ended up
100% but it's she's usually just not
something I'm sure I feel like that
first person segment was designed with
weak controllers in mind maybe yeah I
can see that I can see that Bobby a bomb
walks Bob blocks bombs says you once
said that you've outgrown spider-man and
they threw it out there is a possibility
let me finish reading this though which
makes sense since spider-man is
basically a teenager this makes me
wonder if we owe this sorry this just
cut off next life this makes me wonder
if whether an old Peter Parker slash
spider-man like Frank Miller's Dark
Knight a grizzled ej2 jaded old
spider-man cool maybe I don't know I
don't know that would work as well too
for spider-man I was just trying to
figure out why I wasn't that excited
about the PlayStation 4 spider-man it's
like you'd think I'd be like oh damn
yeah who's my domain name it's like the
excitement just isn't there which made
me wonder if maybe maybe I'm I've grown
into spider-man's usually a younger
younger person and I'm getting old
yeah maybe but then I thought about it I
really like spider-man homecoming so I
don't know I don't know why I'm not
super hyped for PlayStation 4 spider
I don't know uh well you know I think
you're being you're being smartly
restrained because you you know that it
could be a mess of cutscenes it could be
just a bad arkham knockoff exactly or it
could be just a generic game where it's
gonna be fine and you don't want to get
your hopes love that's possible blame
the white spider oh look look I still
might enjoy the game but that's if you
can't change to a normal spider-man
outfit that's gonna be horribly
distracting that sounds like you've
emotionally moved on from spider-man to
other things you like homecoming simply
because it was a good film
not because of spider-man that's also
possible that's also possible rich you
can change the costume yes I've seen the
punk rock out 30 I don't know if there's
a decent spider-man costume in the game
yet but and maybe if there is you have
to 100% the game before you can use it
or something just horribly stupid Gotham
don't awful yeah stop with the guns
and chat I advise you to look at the the
few spider-man alternate costumes that
have been leaves they're atrocious
they're they're absolutely atrocious yes
I can only hope they have the MCU
costume
that'd be nice I know they have the iron
spider version but I just want the
homecoming outfit if they got the
homecoming spider-man outfit I'll be
fine okay I'm sure there's going to be
kind of a different default right off
the bat you know or like a really easy
to get different you know more like this
something okay it's something more a
little more classical you know game
starts with the classic suit I've seen
people say that I've not seen bad
and just because you start with it
they're probably gonna force you to
change the up but at some point and if
it's gonna be some kind of garbage
you have to 100% the game before you can
wear the classic outfit I'll be annoyed
come on
you have dummies you can wear the
classic suit when you create a new game
that's what I was saying that's gonna
you know that's gonna be a thing but
isn't the modern gaming industry kind of
heavy war with game stop ah
no remember they learned their lesson
they they learned their lesson
Microsoft tried to fight Game Stop and
the fans threw a shit you don't think
they're not gonna you think you really
think they gave up no like I said
next-gen is gonna be the transitional
you know when when discs start going
away there they didn't give up but
they've learned to hide their intentions
a little bit baby
they'll be disc versions of every game
next-gen for everything until I don't
know Last of Us 3 that's the one work or
halo 6 and that one we talked about this
earlier I'm sorry if you heard this
already but no no you know what the game
is too big for a disc we didn't we
didn't want you multiple discs and it's
coming to make um and to make sure you
the player who's the only person we care
about oh yeah yeah the best experience
possible we needed to have an online
service you see because that's what it's
about it's about you the player having
the best experience possible
councils will go green no see these
ending up as anyways
hello Natalie that that'll be part of
the spin nice
first of all excellent job you did it I
don't quite get to combat you but that's
ok these guys shoot barrels at you ok
damn I'm not without any he seemed to be
in line with Jim sterling you ever watch
this stuff occasionally not like
religiously or anything though
I think we just both have skeptical
outlooks
bigger they are yeah it's good he's got
some good shit Jesus Christ this is
level ever Paki
I'm waiting can you switch between the
different spider-man's levels whenever
maybe there's not like a hub world where
I'm sick of this spider-man I want to
switch to 2099 um possibly I I haven't
gotten to that point yet so far it's
just fused the next level look at which
is you know obviously this but but you
didn't choose this it wasn't well you
know like it was either go back to the
level you just didn't redo it or choose
this Oh so but I don't know if maybe
next you will will get a couple options
or if they want to give us a more
curated experience what do I think about
him in college I think they're horrible
assholes and I hope they never come back
huge tickets huge Dickens
no this game is very linear now to
prepare his attack but I think if
gamestop wants to be successful we can't
keep emphasizing use game cells as their
top priority why do you think Game Stop
is a thing what do you think the only
reason game stop is a thing is like if
you want something new and and you
needed physical media you can just get
it out at fucking Target or Walmart or a
dozen other places yeah Game Stop some
things you would get used for now a
comically bad use price Oh five dollars
off these days right
make sure those super remember and then
it's seven dollars off but that's all
they got also that's the only thing Game
Stop cares about because that's where
the profit margin is it
you know if they'll buy a new game from
Microsoft for you know $45 and sell it
for $49.99 right mm-hmm no they're
making nothing off of new games if you
don't mind buying a stolen game because
no one's legitimate assumption I mean I
am what they give apparently it's just
me and so game stuff only cares about
their you stuff because there's a bigger
market like that's where they make their
money
oh I dodged you motherfucker
stolen yeah okay your prep League
morally you're probably better off
pirating than you are buying a lose game
at games I'll bet you a significant
amount of you they're used games are
basically stolen games that somebody has
pawned off or at least when you pirate a
game
you're not buying something that has
actually been stolen from another
customers plausible deniability my
friend plausible deniability
if you pirate a copy of spider-man and
web of shadows it's not little Timmy's
copies who had his apartment you know
his family's house was broken into
remember remember when we got my ps4 you
know and and little Jordan's copy of
Grand Theft Auto five was in there oh
yeah because that was totally a stone in
PlayStation 4 and of course the guy
didn't know there was a Grand Theft Auto
in there because he stole it that's very
possible
very phosphoric I think I'm
understanding this biased
oops that was a very specific kind of
pawnshop yes only they're probably not
scrutinized as much as regular pawnshop
would be by the law for the kids
Arthur laws but like pawnshops have to
have things like stored in back from so
many 30 90 days yeah
yes Bilaam yep so people have the right
to buy them back yeah
or Arvid stole them the cops have a
chance to find it there and get it back
to the real world
that's that
it beats you at night
around here independent used game stores
of number games that used to be one
around here they closed down I used to
work at one own independent one yes I
think you want the game stopped no huh
you so work at an independent one I
didn't know that oh yeah oh god I don't
know if I can stand working at an actual
games college
Oh game stop recording some of the
chatter used to work with they have to
abide by pong laws and everything has to
go under the back and clubs for seven
days not all stars follow it but you are
supposed to sure sure
it's just a pawn shop they make all
their money from use products let
doesn't shock me one bit I finally get
combat in this game they really want you
to hold down the left trigger and that's
what kind of locks on your enemy then
you can do more the dodgy stuff okay I
was missing out on a whole big part of
combat in this game that I'm sure
everyone was typing in the chat but I
couldn't watch that because I was too
busy playing the game yep but I get it
now all their money they're nearly out
of business but that doesn't mean that
the bulk of the money they make isn't
from that and they're nearly out of
business because digital sales have
taken over like which is again the point
slowly but surely the big game makers
are trying to run Game Stop out of
business because Game Stop sells a used
copy of a game Sony doesn't make any
money off of that see I'm more reluctant
there to buy a digital copy of a console
game yeah oh god yeah absolutely yeah no
and I love physical copies of console
games especially once we do for the show
because then it's usually like if it's a
if it's a game I'm mediocre about or
mellow or don't like then I can sell it
back
go ahead finish sorry but like I can't I
can't like sell back Battletech yeah
even though I didn't like it see I can I
can trust valve for now yeah I trust
valve yeah
and with GOG it's a complete non-issue
of course but I would not trust
microsoft with leasing me a game right I
just would not trust that yeah that game
is gonna go away sooner or later
absolutely Hondo precent Oh
so bright I'll take silver oh so no look
by the way so now we get to choose do we
do this one do we do this one or do we
do this okay this looks like spider noir
and so I think I want to do that 100 it
tells us it tells us in the background
see this is this spider-man this is noir
I definitely I want to try a spider new
are level and then are you gonna play
the full level we're at 9:30 9:30 well
I'll play it I'll play around for a
little bit yeah I don't know if I got a
full level of me I do need to get to bed
it's somewhat of a normal time tonight
because we've been staying up late all
weekend yeah and you know while I've
enjoyed that it's also totally messed my
internal clock but I trust intended with
my digital purchases not when the next
generation of consoles come out because
I don't think that Ted is gonna have
much interest in keeping support curls
which games up once their new thing is
available rock I might want to go and
replay breath of the wild and when
Nintendo doesn't give a shit about the
switch anymore because that hardware is
old fucking news they might they might
not have even had the option to
redownload it might not be able fucking
server anymore right right I mean yeah
20 years down exactly or 10 7 5 how long
with with PCs you don't have this whole
chunk of hardware that just suddenly
becomes obsolete it's more of a gradual
steam doesn't care about that's just a
in the fact that their Virtual Console
games like you have to rebuy it like if
you have a virtual console game and the
viewer on the Wii you have to rebuy it
for the switch in your honor this is
bullshit
that's fucking bullshit it does not work
that way we'll see
vitamin
I've been spotted
what
not she just got far enough away and
they not super concerned with the
stealth here I was trying to take out
the bad guys one by one
you know like I'm right over them right
now but I can't do my my stealth
takedown so i got behind him to do the
self takedown
well did you creep too loudly no I guess
I got to follow him to the cutscene
spider-man tries to pull the rescue good
let's go you shouldn't have brought
innocent people into this that just
makes me mad
let me see that nope this is this is
stoplight
stealth light rich come on I can help
crawl under the thing crawl on the thing
the camera never know what's to do when
they spider-man games does it oh come on
you tell me I can't I was hoping to crop
cash fucking okay okay oh god oh god I'm
stuck in this world of shadows you'd
totally be able to do that of course
fuck okay what do you want me to do game
what do you want me to do can I make oh
do I feel like fighting bloodshed says
hey guys yesterday was my birthday I
turned 33 hi sadly it was a horrible day
because the woman I was trying the date
blocked me on social media and turned my
friends against me oh please make the
stream the best ever
you guys always cheer me up well we'll
try man bitch obviously we don't know
the full story
yes he tipped us she didn't so there we
go
now you're talking rich
well okay the spider-man can play this
spider-man can only do stuff that was an
obvious the poem noir and stop focus
well I thought I might be able to like
fight a little bit okay the spider-man
can only do so
her head sounds like a disordered John
DiMaggio yes Maggie maji maji
that's how I always promise now you're
reading right right
is that's not shocking and he's he's in
everything it could be demise he's got
Osborne boy screams I've got a floating
head lady I'm starting to wonder which
one of us is more about
Spyder buster
spider-man right
see everything's fine good to hammerhead
oh there is you have to let the
civilians go are you sure yeah cuz I
gotta take out this guy first then the
galaxy's available hi Maggio voices
hammerhead and Sandman and spectacular
in the spectacular Carter II yeah no he
gets around he's one of those voice
acting mean it's not like just that Joan
damn how are you he does too many things
for you to be surprised when you see him
oh yeah yeah no he's usually very easy
to pick out who's got a sound he's gonna
you can tell it's him oh yeah
awful this is one of the best Spidey
games in my opinion looks alright
and yeah I guess I was expecting I was
expecting a little more open world you
know like I was expecting more the other
spider-man's and I get what they're
doing here it's just not what I was
expecting which is finally it's all you
know what it's all fine everything H
John Benjamin he's easy to pick out -
yes huh he has no range and he doesn't
need it because his voice is fantastic
mm-hmm
I like this outfit though it's not
spider-man's it's spider-man no in this
game it's clearly spider-man's
I get that stop sneaking around can you
climb up the wall you climb up the vent
wall love them the grating them that
thing did climb up that do the thing
first apparently now first time you're
watching live sorry I let you down jets
55 okay oh I just had to wait for a
thing apparently
but you're going to watch the new
animated movie spider-man under the
spider-verse probably not
yeah that doesn't really look like your
thing
into the spite of this yeah which is
fine
it doesn't have to be do they even
notice the webbed up bodies well they're
buds up bodies are up here okay
and so they don't if they stay down
there I don't know what the entail
degree but I pulled them up here so I'm
going to assume that they won't because
this is very light stealth
yeah exceedingly light still oh shit so
light that I can get away with that
can you play the spider-man Sierra
adventure game next there's a spider-man
Sierra adventure games there is not
unless they made something recently
under the Sierra name you know like
King's Quest game oh sure sure
is it a joke is there a spider-man joke
Sierra game cuz I would play that now I
know Sierra didn't make one but that
doesn't mean there's not some kind of
spiderman adventure game I'm not
familiar with that somebody else may
yeah
no I want to choose a different enemy
there's this guy right below me play
spider-man for Sega CD did years ago
it's a lot like the regular Genesis
spider-man but just bigger and fancier
and without what are you shitty or
animation hmm everybody go hmm I have
replayed the Genesis spider-man on
stream probably years ago now okay did
did not hold up as well as I remember it
holding up I mean they're their old game
but there's this neat mechanic in that
game job I met her soul was streaming
you might not have been watching there's
a taking pictures mechanical okay you
have to buy your web fluid that's new
and you take pictures of the things
you're fighting to get money
awesome so every level you get to take
three pictures so you want to find the
most exciting thing yeah that'll be
worth the most money see you can afford
web fluid for the next level that's
great it is
a spider-man to the best spider-man game
yea or nay nay yea I know it had the
fanciest web squinted that doesn't alone
make it the best spider-man game try to
sneak up behind me
until until spider-man PlayStation 4
version comes out I'm going with web of
Shadows the best spider-man game hmm
take out these lights that would be
fresh I get it avoid the spot
I just got behind it I'm working on it
leaders of the hopper on the battery oh
did he was dragged you yeah because I
mean I'm in a shadow so I have to like
get in a shadow behind him yeah so now I
gotta wait can you can you leap across
when he's not looking at you I don't
know but now hit now that he's lost me
he's gonna turn a little bit I'm not
sure if this is what I have to do but
see like you know turns a little bit so
now I can get up fuck nope okay okay
okay
trying to sneak up behind I'm working on
it
I'm gonna put you six Peter afraid to
face me
it's not bad
you have to use the floor you can only
travel in shadows such light to spot you
immediately that doesn't make any sense
if he's turned around right but that
makes sense lies being spotted there's
those roving spotlights
it'd be great if I was able to like take
out those files where those trains go
I'm even supposed to go over here okay I
get it I get it
so that doesn't matter how fast I'm
going
there's this whole area over here hey
guys maybe I do have to go slow like the
screen is black and white when you're
installing than when you've been spotted
there's there saturation yeah
that's news color that's need I approve
of that
maybe instead of being four quarter
games they should have focused on one of
these that would have been nice another
yeah okay I'll be done
uh-huh and another stealth section yep
all right
we're caught up great I think a lot of
people can't even get into the stream
tonight so oh yeah Twitter's having some
issues we've probably got four
subscribers tonight yeah well then it'll
be easy to thank him um no all right now
this is the point of the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Theodore J hooker for 46
motherfucking months in a row Wow we've
been doing this for a while I know I
feel so Oh purple space bazooka 441
motherfucking monster oh hey guys thanks
for everything you do
glad to be a part of this epic hack
friary take care and for old times sake
fuck my cock well Brown yz0
says it's a boy congratulations
rebel base for 20 months in a row says
take my free prime money whoa whoa
zoink oh no Zeke no for 20 months in a
row who says remember it's Zoey no also
rich podcaster said he worked with a job
interview who asked this question if you
were an animal what kind of animal would
you be so rich if you were trying to get
that job how would you answer this human
and I would have my goddamn reasons
mm-hmm we're we're the best most capable
animal there is boom we've we've done
better than any other animal I weren't a
human being I could not work at your
fine corporation sir I would be an honor
to be a part of what you were doing here
and I've also proven that I can think
outside the box to find you solutions
you wanna hire me for your job neat
Street booze filled gaming heliosphere
1969 for 25 fucking months in a row
Nathan Street girl act impotence grumpy
kicks Biffle Potamus for 48 goddamn
motherfucking months in a row miss toots
we got to work in there miss toots for
18 months in a row Jim bullet hole and
boron for 21 months in a row dot s85 for
14 months in a row stays longer than
I've ever kept a job you fucks well if
you're ever looking for another job we
have a great
way to answer these interview questions
you're welcome for that oh fuck my cock
says fuck yeah
gimme dead meat and other memes blah
blah whatever the Canadians are back the
Canadians I mean they're back and gone
as Colin just said Darth is for 15
months in a row says have either have
either of you ever seen if the old
wished Christian Bale movie equilibrium
it was fun to re-watch recently I have
yeah interesting okay it's a little
matrix II meets Fahrenheit 451 II
interesting they they came up with a new
martial arts called gun kata where
people kung fu fight with guns like that
that was the Mark Millar movie yes was
that one called
oh god with James McAvoy right damn it
wanted wanted there you go gun kata was
so fucking it no II like the fight
scenes were actually like kind of
interesting because there was like guns
and swords involved it was interesting i
I just can't picture Kristen Bell not
yelling at poor innocent underpaid crew
members now just for the rest of his
everything I see a man I'm thinking -
probably a real dick - somebody yes I
don't want to defend his behavior
because by the way that like that angry
rant was completely uncalled for but as
an actor who's like the face of a movie
there's a lot of responsibilities on a
main actors shoulder no sure and so you
know you got someone like flapping
lights in your face while you're trying
to do is seem like he wasn't trying to
fuck with Christian Bale oh no no but
like I
I understand him being mad at that crew
member but yelling at him in front of
everyone was completely uncalled for I
guess huh trash some of the chat has a
red trash absolute trash I guess yes I
agree okay I agree cap Thanks
squeeze old Salinger 42 the happy champ
Pelham Grenville
who says dear Sirs keep up the good work
greetings from Austria thank you
anonymous says that's cute
I like that shit I actually waited yeah
xeno Trobe for 47 motherfucking months
in a row who says rich is right as usual
the Venture Brothers is a terrific show
especially if you like Jonny Quest and
David Bowie I did lie used to watch
Jonny Quest
i watch reruns of Jonny Quest and they
also have a fixation on David Bowie I
have no choice they wanted to get him on
the show ever happened Wow yeah yeah I
have no strong feelings about David
Bowie but I'm sure I will enjoy the show
no matter what darkest for 19 months in
a row says what do you call a digestive
system sings a bowel movement I get it I
get it I'm not in love with it but I get
it okay I acknowledge that I acknowledge
that joke I think I'm not gonna laugh at
it that might be worse which I'm gonna
I'm gonna say that might be actually
worse I am de nerd master for 21 months
in a row who says I didn't even realize
it had been this long enjoy my B's owes
bucks is joe flacco you bleep says just
thought I'd let you know I've been
cheating on you guys about a twitch
channel hope you understand I mean you
do you men think so there's a lot
there's a lot of good out there just and
you find something that works
you this isn't a dictatorship no we're
not we're not we worry and we don't want
Stockholm up in this we don't want to
force anyone to be here except when we
ban people I know I'm just on a whim
then we're kind of a dictatorship is it
though but is it though
QWERTY Rob oh you you swirl them okay I
just lost place Mike wait what are you
reading yeah I said squeaky legs
Derek Lloyd reapz can write doesn't my
really write ya scammer skearns scan
maybe let's can reap scan okay
it's a Kouros says hijack and rich so
glad you guys are playing my favorite
spider-man game of all time now that
Disney owns the x-men still hasn't been
approved by Congress yet I don't think I
look forward to the possibility of Peter
Parker meeting Deadpool in the movies
thanks for being awesome you're welcome
let's also be wary that Disney's buying
everything just you know a little creepy
this Deadpool meeting this Peter Parker
well any Deadpool meeting this Peter
Parker because in the comics yeah
doesn't Deadpool have a crush on Peter
Parker maybe maybe a Bryan Singer
directed it they could play down the
whole having a crush on thing III think
it's it's not unnecessarily a crush it's
just a healthy bromance Bryan Singer
spider-man casting call deadpool and
spiderman the pants get tighter moving
on thank you
on kool-aid man yellow contendere says
this looks like a sticky situation
that's the that's the that's this that's
the subtitle - Bryan Singer's not moving
on yet culture fist says thanks for
answering my tip also giraffes have
black tongues so they don't get
sunburned fist out whitey drew Augmon a
69 obese Maurice Lando was taken Oh
for 45 motherfucking months in a row
jack is very unimpressed with your 45
minutes or no no it's just way past my
bedtime now
which made for 12 months our oh he's got
thing he's got things I mean pleats
meeting as a thing oh my god wow what a
whole year best free money I've ever
wasted keep up the good work you fucks
thank you Mario Mario 42 for 48 god damn
mother fucking months in a row who says
for years some people have gotten a
college degree since you started
streaming feel old yet here's to four
more years I mean we just feel old all
the time yeah I'm if people are getting
college degrees while I'm feeling old
good for them I'll just be here feeling
old the UPS man eighty-seven vulgar
puppy who says hope you both are well
thank you for all the content Papa bless
gesundheit Master Kenobi double-oh-seven
4:49 goddamn motherfucking months in a
row says I celebrated my 48th month
anniversary the night of Justice
do that whole thing again I celebrated
my 48th month anniversary the night of
the injustice two incident so huzzah for
forty nine months for 60 months your
next upgrade to the sub announcement
should be something funny but pointless
like giving the pizza roll icon a tiny
pixel crown oh we can do that we can
there's some confetti a big fucking
confetti we can give people who
subscribe longer different different
pictures I think we can case she's gonna
know what to add at some point that
that's where the comedy is gonna come in
rich and then keeping track of all the
different things with our old man brains
the confetti yeah
so I was thinking for thank you the
Dante 540 was that what was that white
noise to put me to sleep no I know oh
you weren't looking I just turned it
right back on what do I expect oh we
have puffs max sure puffs max Wilkins
the clown for 41 motherfucking months in
a row Wilkins the clue oh he said no
unvalued bloodshot whatever says
gentlemen you made my night just a
little brighter thanks a bunch
also I recommend seeing the movie won't
you be my neighbor which is about Fred
Rogers and Mister Rogers neighborhood
Karen wants to see it yeah I've heard
nothing but I still oh I'm sorry
accidentally hit your you're a terrible
liar
I've heard nothing but good things about
won't you be my neighbor apparently
though you need to be emotionally
prepared to go see it because it is a
tearjerker
let's see here Josh his Floyd who says
thanks for the fun stream and something
to watch while doing dishes well what
what I thought
so what it's all the confetti back josh
is fine says thanks to the fun streams
and something to watch while doing
dishes I just did them oh whatever
our Miller I'm too busy fucking with the
confetti and I'm not I know you are
funny our Millers says for 3441 sodaro
says going through a rough time of my
life your stream is bringing much-needed
normalcy I'm glad that rich fucking with
me brings you normalcy Gavino the real
Billy shears first year
