No Justice in This World (pt 3)
July 1, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2w_XbDwlBU

planning ahead I'm wearing my Batman
shirt today I wasn't even thinking oh I
wasn't oh you're wearing a Batman shirt
it's just you know coincidentally one of
those things
Khoa nerd coincidence oh did we rename
the stream or do we forget oh well we're
still playing injustice that's what
we're playing last time no okay so it
works everything's fine updated fucking
windows in here bringing sit here I'm
gonna slouch ah
we were we were getting set aside the
yeah we're running a little late because
I got I got stopped by a train
I was I was at a train crossing start of
a great country song I got stopped by
train on my way to the mill my woman
she said I'm feeling ill so she called
9-1-1 she was dying I was in the rain of
crying locked my big gamble train now by
now
wow this is great
so I was blocked by a train was that
what do you mean blocked by a train Jack
what I mean by that is I was at a train
crossing and I was first in line at the
train crossing when you know the train
starts going by as they all right I'll
be a little bit late it's not that big a
deal I'm typing in a password here while
I'm talking so there we go
Thanks and so I'm first in line as a
train crossing crossing a bunch of cars
are behind me but that's fine I you know
did you send some text check Twitter you
know just do some general stuff I'm
gonna be a little late no problem I see
the end of the train come it's like all
right it's great end of the train is
coming
all of a sudden the train slow
to a stop right in front of me right
right in front of me and it's like
alright well that's weird
then the train that literally starts to
back up after we get through the
entirety of the train it starts to back
up and I'm what the fuck
so finally I text you Amaya the train
stopped I'm running late uh-huh uh-huh
I was getting the action updates of
course you know like oh the train is now
going backwards what is happening and
and so then I called you because there's
a couple things I want to do to download
yeah and and then you say why don't you
just jump the curb I'm at it well you
know like there are nothing but cars
behind me and and the street I'm on has
a has one of those what do you call them
islands in the middle yeah so it has a
full curb and grass in the middle it's
like how I jump the curb with my with my
car because who knows what it you know
what's gonna hit right right but the
train is just not moving it backs up a
little bit it backed up like three or
four cars and then just now it stops and
so uh like two other cars start jumping
the curb and I think well on their cars
start jump from the curb in rich of
course like jump the curb jump the curb
you do it jack jump - correct and you
know like I am the kind of person who
really likes to follow the rules and so
I'm just waiting patiently but I'm
running late for work that common sense
Trump's the rules
I like the rules man
then you know what if that train was
just broken down forever it could have
been so so so by the way eventually I'm
like fucking I'm jumping the curb so I I
do I jump the curb I Drive on the grass
I feel awful and I'm as I'm heading the
other direction a cop is pulling up huh
a cop is pulling up rich and the lights
start blaring oh yeah really three other
cars go through the right stop you start
blaring
and so I slowed down the cops not on my
side the cops on the other side like
heading towards the train when I said
Lane I slowed down and I kind of like
give the cop a look and I see the cop
looking in front of him and he looks at
me because what I'm sure that cop is
gonna do is go to the front of line and
tell everyone to jump the curb so he can
get traffic moving again so it as it
turns out it turned out for the best me
jumping the curb but I did I actually I
drove the path of the Train because I
wanted to see what stopped it and what I
think stopped it is the very next train
crossing the the lights weren't blinking
yeah and the the rails were weren't down
and so I think it stopped as a safety
precaution because the the train
stopping time was not working for the
next crossing huh which could have
obviously been a huge disaster right
right and you know like it's been stormy
all weekend here so maybe you know
something happened with the next train
crossing but I made it you know
obviously everyone was very concerned
but so anyway that's why we're running a
little bit late today decades ago yeah
long long ass time ago it's not a
commuter train that stopped I think it
took somebody I think the Train actually
or stopped for like hours oh yeah no
it's a big deal you know like obviously
there's there's whole departments that
if if a train crossing is not working
that's that's their job for the next
eight months why did it happen how can
it not happen the next time you know so
somebody's suicide really just
inconvenience my commute home for hours
rich that thought was dick what a
dickhead
I gotta say I'm a fan of the marriage
counter it's starting we said we
yeah we'll accept your privacy policy
we're starting the marriage counter they
get married next month and my prediction
next month huh well in July well really
start early oh well I get no wait
today's July first it's my first they
get married this month okay I don't know
when the issue comes up okay oh and also
I know that there's spoilers for the the
Batman issue yeah circulating around the
internet no spoilers I want to hear them
all well I I'm saying no spoilers I'm
not gonna read the fucking thing I want
to hear all of the goddamn spoilers now
I know now get online they're all online
rich Batman Catwoman marriage spoilers
haven't read them no off for fuck's sake
here's the thing rich because this is
turned into a bit I'm actually gonna buy
that issue I'm gonna read it I'm gonna
read that Batman issue because he's
starting to look good bring it in
yeah I'll bring it oh I will I will flip
through it yeah and I have predicted
that after they get married they will be
divorced or not married in the same
issue no no you think our counters gonna
last one day 1/2 a day I said I said 6
months yeah I was kind of with you when
I said like aid yeah I think you might
have run it I I just said they will be
not married within six months easy
within six issues we're so weird think
it's not even a real fucking marriage
that's what we learned last time is it's
just fucking Batman and Catwoman it's
not Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle it makes
no fucking sense so weird so anyway
don't spoil it please
spoilers will be met with a band hammer
for Batman and Catwoman putting that out
there now so heads up I'm finding game
data alright
I'm gonna have to look up all the
fucking spoilers myself god damn it god
damn I'll bring in the issue I don't
give a shit I'm gonna go home tonight no
no what I'm going to have forgotten
about this by the time I go home tonight
but if I were home right now I would
just look it up and who gives a shit
oh speaking of I don't want I'll be
right back I don't wanna forget
something we're stabbing the gorilla
grodd
okay how's your head
oh yeah that's the thing you did
apparently I didn't need to leave it was
right here the whole time
perfect perfect so all you missed was
gorilla grodd got more stabbed oh great
oh I think we've said we saw this coming
last time you're gonna send the energy
to Aquaman and Aquaman is gonna do
things great
it's gonna be great everything's great
well it'll be great I'll I don't you
just don't know do you think the good
guys are going to win fuckin of course
it's gonna kick they quit pulling and
forge that signal disrupter which you
know what it's part one of two the good
guys are still gonna win yeah whatever
but whatever right arm's reach a
brainiac good this is cyborg I like not
perfectly symmetric symmetrical with his
actual eye mm I mean listen we know all
the faces here just totally fucked up
isn't that gonna give him some fucked up
vision
he just keeps running into walls because
his depth perception is all yeah as how
he has no depth perception just really
yeah exactly he's like he just keeps
hitting his shoulder on doorways and
well yeah yeah yeah
so I forgot what happened we Superman
went kind of bad again but then we
fought him and he's good
Supergirl on me Viktor help the others
fight those betas Oh we sell this
already we sell all this over the
Supergirl is gonna get captured and then
Superman's like as my fam that's my fam
yo great
depth perception is the is going to be
the the Hideo Kojima sequel see the
depth stranding we see that strand a
death stranding is just part one part
two is death perception he's gonna he's
doing it and he's doing the whole thing
and literally the entire game will just
be about focusing a camera how much it
was team I feel like Kojima I feel like
has has been leader for long enough
where as long as they're competent
coders he could write he could probably
the general of any team I don't know I I
don't have enough experience with game
development to tell you how important
this is if it's if it's all people
working under those people in charge or
what I don't know I don't know enough
ball game development that's my and my
my my very boring and probably correct
assumption would be would be sometimes
it means something and sometimes it
doesn't right like in certain cases a
good team can can best bad boss and in
some cases the best boss can really
elevate a mediocre team I still don't
know who is gonna by death stranding yes
you do thousands of thousands millions
of Kojima fanboys yep everyone who has
ever given rich a nice shit for thinking
that the story of Metal Gear Solid is
batshit insane will be there day one
they will preorder it even though we're
not supposed to pre-order anymore they
will buy all the merchandise they will
get all the exclusive in-game DLCs they
will do it because they are horrible
fanboys why a sort of 51 given a pass
for his weird shit and called the genius
but Kojima isn't
casue the 51 is better at it
laying it down rich you laying it down
suda51
I know he's doing weird shit in heaven
fuck yeah
I don't know what the fuck Kojima's
doing I don't know if he's taking
himself seriously or not which is why if
he's trying to be silly and weird he's
failing at it no I think that's the
probably I don't think he's trying to be
white think she's trying to be
pretentious well he's not trying to be
pretentious he just he's trying to be
artistic and so as it turns out he is
pretentious sir is he one just loves
being crazy right and he makes suda51
makes no qualms about like oh I'm doing
something this is what I'm doing and
it's gonna be nuts
you're never questioning why suda51 is
doing any of the things he's doing yeah
when Travis touchdown jerks off his
lightsaber to recharge it you get it
yeah it's weird but you get it
Kojima is more popular well yeah but
nickel bag probably sold more albums
than the Ramones so there's that
10 points 10 points for analogy rich
mediocrity man always wins media pretty
always wins
and this is basically right where we
left off yeah this is exactly where we
left I could make an entrance
where's Cara captured somewhere on board
we'll find her but we only had 20
minutes before brainiacs betas scorched
the earth why aren't the others too
oh yeah how could you forget the helmet
lets you pay the toupee strap the toupee
strap that's great well you do the shit
Superman pose you need a really heavy
duty to play store that's true
branding is really important his arch
his arch enemy
Superman's arch enemy is bald so he
can't be bald too mine cut us hair they
dealt with that in in the animated
series they've done with his beard the
devil's stubble this is like the
reflections is a mirror and his heat
vision how do you cut your own hair with
heat vision is that a thing
be very precise
that's right swampthing showed up
swampthing - whoa Superman how's about
to change my mind but it's too late see
how you stack up now I have to remember
how to play so everyone that's quite
gonna take me a fighter to this just
remember how to play this game so sorry
suck incoming who is good good it's all
fine
help
right
hey okay we did it is that galactus is
nephew someone in the chat is saying a
firestorm that's firestorm firestorm is
the conglomeration of a high school
football player and an aged
astrophysicist who his body combines to
be a nuclear smashing device here's what
I'm wondering firestorm he's almost done
the level of Ag lactis that was me
this is it his power set somewhat
similar to molecule man only he can also
make molecules out of nothing
yes yes he's insanely power he should be
an insane heavy hitter Firestar yes but
unfortunately just very unpopular yes oh
wait I could fuck Swamp Thing ah shit I
wanted to fight Swamp Thing too bad
dumbass I would that was me not paying
attention to the dialogue because I'm
sure Batman oh wait no no here we go
so firestorm can make kryptonite I
believe he can yes he did earlier in
this game
in fact why didn't he do it in that
fight that's why firestorm was put in
charge of watching over Superman
during the attack and maybe kryptonite
with his bare hands because he can do
that
hear me your powers being used against
against the green I don't think we saw
swampthing super maybe we did I don't
know at least I certainly don't remember
he did very wrong
right that was nice
I did that on purpose yep that was a
calculated move on my part oh shit
tired sad sense tired and sad you guys
should add Coco the gorilla to the curse
of the worst list of celebrities Coco's
dead
Coco just died yes have we talked about
Coco if we did it was probably so long
ago I shouldn't count right
I think curse of the worst I mean really
it should only be within within a month
or two after we mentioned them yeah we
talked about a lot of random celebrities
here eventually everybody we've talked
about invested worse is going to die at
some point we that's just inevitable
right I hit me with your super episode
really I totally don't remember I don't
remember that specific type of talking
point
talked about cocoa and a telepathic
communication panelist that does it
place to you that's an old episode oh
nice
that's fun hopefully I don't die now
that was worth it
now let's get you free mention Wilford
Brimley in every episode from now on
right now easy I mean listen he's close
he's David you know people says hey guys
by the way David Eno was pronounced like
an Italian name you know Ebola people
momaday the people are just like a mama
used to make
literally your mama made you I'm in
Ecuador right now or in the world have
you guys ever wanted to visit thanks and
eat my pork pancake you know I've been
to Ecuador it's a beautiful country yeah
yeah we we we went to Ecuador before we
took a little cruise in the Galapagos
yeah and it was great Ecuador is great
it's you know like you see those movies
where it's it's just like like millions
of houses stacked up on a mountainside
and like winding terrifying tiny roads
yeah that's Ecuador that's great
where do you want to go rich no one
particular place I can think of off the
top of my head questions that require
careful thought and consideration great
to pinpoint accurate answers hmm
I don't go to Japan anywhere where I'm
not gonna be a little communicative
everyone knows English it's fine yeah
however everyone makes accommodations
for the dumb Americans everyone everyone
has to accommodate us idiots who don't
learn any other language when I went to
Germany that was a thing I've talked
about with there was a I lucked my way
into going to Germany for the foreign
exchange program yeah because the kid
that was supposed to go went to jail and
right and I you know I thought it was
gonna be a big problem because I had
never taken a German class I don't know
any German words but every single person
in Germany it's required that they'd
learn English in school yeah and so
everyone spoke English I never had to
worry a second because they took care of
the dummies
yeah punch oh alright now use your super
on me dr. fate it's a big it's a big of
you know use your super on me sometimes
they need to get you down to like to
your red health before they'll do it
come on do it
all right just beat me up a little bit
get me down to my red then do turns
heads up tired and sad I've been playing
Metal Gear Solid 5 and the gameplay
really is brilliant yeah what the story
genuinely feels like Kojima looked at
his first draft and said nailed it yeah
is his storytelling always make me roll
my fucking eyes you throw up so I I
couldn't tell it it does very much seem
like that though like you know when
you're when you're trying to write a
story usually you start with just kind
of notes yeah like oh this is kind of
how I want it to start that's kind of
how I wanted to end I think this should
happen here I think this should happen
here right I got I got fed up 100% just
for the Wales segment that whole opening
segment of the game we're out my
tolerance yeah the entirety of my
tolerance for Kojima bullshit Oh throw
it out throw it out right at the window
he went all out just got knocked me out
of the story yeah I mean that was nuts
the the guy riding the fiery Pegasus the
the whale that was also on fire the
ghost way a slow crawl bullshit Oh God
remember that
remember that yeah that was stupid
and so yeah Kojima storytelling always
feels like his collection of ideas that
he just kind of threw in some sort of
order and he's like yeah it'll all work
out it'll all work out sorry we'll kind
of figure it out as we go along idea
salad it's his idea salad oh that's a
great way to describe his storytelling
and then a and then I got guy with a
with a 50s Green Hornet mask shows up
Kojima son a quick question why does he
show up he just shows up that's what it
said that's what's next in the note
cards because he works for the guy that
has a skull for a face what I don't but
why the shoots are done with the magic
bullets
sure oh I get it no these are great
ideas usually we we kind of form some
connective tissues you know to make this
all make sense no just go just go and
then we're gonna do something totally
the jarringly different about the
realistic I don't know about this
and then we're going to make sure people
know that nuclear weapons are bad
and then then the rookie gets you know
like shot the chest and bleeds out
perfect and then and then we introduce
the giant robotic arm take it fucking
told nope pick it fucking tone ideas
salad I think that's great
I just love that terminology
Earth's time is up
where's Karan being vivisected Lytton's
already taught me much about the nature
of your powers allow me to give you a
proper demonstration I Met Your
Strengths you cannot match my intellect
you are only a Kryptonian of which oh
you're right at the fucking head
apparently we should finish this last
stream check I'm gonna give that all
good all the hindsight's 20/20 my friend
now
the bond ten cents did you guys watch
much of sgdq I know you are not into the
glitching thumb but Super Mario Odyssey
was fantastic couple of wall clips but a
master class of dexterity and reflexes
version 1.0 has a nod to the user us of
using that half out of bounds
oh god love you both Oh period
minnesota-based you know what I can't
which I was really excited to catch is
the getting over it with Bennett fatty
speedrun yeah did you see the hell you
cuz you can watch it in two and a half
minutes because some insane person I
thought a lot has right but you can
watch the clip if some insane person has
deep getting over it with Bennett body
in two and a half minutes oh he had
trouble so it should have been quicker
right that's insanity
yeah they do things that are insane yes
I just couldn't believe like so I
finally got that's not really abusing a
glitch that's just super natural skill
of that game oh right that's the thing
that they're so glitching in that game
there's just knowing and being good I
didn't catch the Mario maker stuff cuz
that's always fun next time do that
earlier Brainiac but I usually don't sit
down and watch the whole thing there's a
lot of better people playing games I
don't care about they're not very
entertaining people yeah you know they
try their best with the color commentary
but after a while as we know you just
run out of stuff to talk about
every now and then there's someone
that's just really entertaining ya know
and you know what like good they they
raised over two million dollars for
Doctors Without Borders
that is fuckin great stop it with the
thing
no certain census you guys feel that in
justice and injustice too as fun as they
also reveal how really thin the DC
roster is what I'm reading something
wrong even though the game is fun does
it make you realize how thin be oh
that's a decent roster
like this has a good number of fighters
I don't know if it reveals anything
about the nature of DC it might reveal
more about the nature of DC fans and
just how little they care about
supporting characters but there's a good
number of people in here
fuck you Brainiac
as if there's a fine number of
characters I've never read a green arrow
comment for all I know he is super
fucking interesting for all I know
yeah you know what Kevin Smith had a
really good green arrow um yeah I read I
read his Green Arrow book that's the
only Green Arrow book I've read huh
Oh big with big whiff but that was a
that was a fun trade dr. octopus would
be a fun fighting game oh yeah he's an
um I want to see this he's in Marvel vs.
Capcom I want to say doc ah I think so
this is uh this is super dr. axe nope
I'm getting corrected Doctor Octopus is
not in marvelous camp probably gonna be
a very hard character to do justice I
was dumping I was jumping how do you how
do you balance and reach advantage like
that right
come on hit him hit him there oh we did
I punched you it was for Krypton the
attacks on the fleet are weakening it I
could feel him losing steam as we fought
good should make it easier to cut him
off from the beta's I did it I did it
I like to see more love for a megared
he's actually incredibly strong Omega
Reds a weird character that's something
that's a weird 90s character Omega Red
doesn't need character and visually he's
got Doc Ock tentacles like coming up to
harm yeah yes deep he's he's hard - he's
complicated and his power said you know
it's not it's not simple that's not
something a general audience can
generally like understand right away
what else is doing like sucks energy out
of you or something right and like uh is
that that's not terribly complicated I
don't think yeah he's weird he's a weird
one all the exponent for
now you get it though like is nightclubs
he shoots the thing from his eyes boom
boy I going to shoot some things from
his eyes she controls whether all right
I get it
he's got snake arms
yeah buddy those other things too he's
got other weird things that's true
that's true but usually technically I
don't think they ever read Kahn the
literal stingers that pop out of
spider-man's risk they did this they had
spider-man like when you taped further
and he has like literal like
venom-injecting stingers like Wolverines
come out of his just it's the dumbest
fucking things course did they do that
in the 90s no they did that mm Oh
nobody ever mentioned it again good good
let's just all pretend that never ever
happened because it was super dumb
sure encephalopathy TechSoup man could
just you know hold the ship up so it
doesn't crash but that wouldn't have the
amount of tension that this is
apparently he's using his brain
also the ship was in space right I don't
know I think it was in space for some
space so then it wouldn't necessarily
fall to earth no it's fine hey chat was
the ship in space I want to say it was
in space maybe they're fighting an earth
atmosphere earlier yeah but think they
went up I thought I saw stars this is so
terrible I love it this is far better
than the Justice League movie far better
than the Justice League movie well but
that's that's a fairly low bar to pay
spen fucking Batman distracts Brainiac
with a smoke bomb get out of town
apparently a word against all logic or
reason
you almost look good at this game you
know sometimes I sometimes I think I do
well remember I am playing uneasy is
what I will remind you fuck and he might
beat me without me
getting down his first health bar yep
great so for five seconds you managed
like like a quality I was doing some
combos I was chaining stuff together
oh this everyone I'm not playing on the
easiest setting I'm playing just uneasy
not very easy so I just want to know
what we're gonna do for three and a half
hours after this what did you download
as a backup I got nothing I got nothing
a good thing because Richie you know
rich before we started was like we're
doing injustice or am i downloading
something I said ah well you know we'll
probably end early so download something
else back up and we got nothing but hey
we'll find something we have plenty of
stuff here and we got what you're free
at least I could I can always play more
with the breeze there's a backup with
you better I'll be doing something we
thought yeah exactly but then again I
thought this would get us a couple hours
it might I mean in fact this Brainiac
fight apparently is gonna take me way
longer what you through a pointless
Batarang that came back and embed again
great play fortnight
Oh drop the ball talking about country
brothers in the chat instead yeah that's
the tonight I did I did that's talking
about Venture Brothers somebody
mentioned that there's a trailer for
season seven oh yeah so so it is coming
out soon yeah August more is the
official date they got so shit more
excuses for me to catch up I'm assuming
you still watch your oh yes I still want
zeros I had a rather a full weekend so I
was unable to catch any AIDS I am gonna
watch it we will talk about it it's
gonna be great
right so they don't have the super pills
anymore how does Batman beating up
Brainiac super pills I don't know I just
I just don't know
oh fuck oh shit I just I mean obviously
he's not beating up Brainiac is the
moral story I feel like I'm losing so
I'm accurate into the kind of that's
what I'm trying to be here just can't
bring yourself to violate panic right is
I just know that there's no way Batman
would be able to defeat Brainiac and so
I'm just trying to do do justice to the
to the creative works
you're welcome everyone so you tried to
do justice to the Creator I'm trying to
do that's exactly what I'm trying to do
since Batman can beat up Brainiac in
this game is that why it's called
injustice alright you got it
you did it oh yeah yeah I guess it did
something you did give me a burst of
confetti for that
waita burst yeah that's appropriate
oh shit oh shit rich I've gotten
Brainiac down oh fuck whoa shit what
happened there
well-well-well
you oh one of those do it do it jack why
because he had more to bargain
you'll regret this this time
oh fuck you
I think I read somewhere on one of the
tutorials that the more you wager the
more companies get back if you win ah
got a soup to do I'm using it cheese in
it up kill them please kill them please
kill please get home let's see if we can
do this come on come on come on kill him
kill him kill him got it oh no you don't
got it you did it jack
barely barely fucking barely limping and
bloody I did it and now Cara is Cara
gonna have to fight him to everyone
everyone fights Brady right that's the
ending or is brainy I gonna have like a
second form where he's like the shit you
haven't had enough time to fly away now
the cities he's been digitizing Oh Oh to
shame
what are you doing revenge I well I see
that I'm wondering what Superman's doing
oh that was easy that's great I like it
why rich half the Batman Catwoman
message below him while that's below
both of us it's because this month in
the Batman comics Batman and Catwoman
are getting married and I have I've
thrown down my official neither of us
think it's going to last long before DC
ends it of course and my my calculation
is that they will not be married within
six months donate riches say an eight
and so we've started an official counter
for how long
Batman and Catwoman have been married
right now no because they have been
married yet but I thought it was too
late but I can feel the heartbeat of
Atlantis
brainiacs work is undone I couldn't save
everyone some cities are still trapped
in the collection others were lost white
from the ships memory metropolis Coast
City but we can still save them right
Carol my family
I'm sorry metropolis again no other
world should suffer this okay oh that's
right man this this universe we build
metropolis this universe has had some
fucking tragedies Batman let him kill
Brainiac even if I agreed that he should
die you can't we need him alive
to save the rest of our cities okay no
we don't with more time than cyborgs
health the ship will obey me or we could
lose more cities Bruce is right we can't
be sure what we can be sure of is that
Brainiac puts everyone else at risk this
is no different than Joker if you killed
him we might get he's never that simple
there just send is Bruce metropolis in
Coast City
org lots to do I have to make the
decision of course I do
my powers how did you go with kryptonite
courtesy of firestorm get up
stay down enough exposure and you'll be
deep powered permanently this madness
has to end
Bruce
oh fuck I don't like either of these I
guess I'm with Batman can we go back to
right before their review the choice and
see it both ways they I don't know yeah
yeah that's how it works
well now you should have been able to
dodge everything is the fucking flash
when everyone moves the super slow
motion even that cheap shot
well the Wonder was fast too fast she's
fast she's comical fast that's true
flash is faster than light fast yeah but
he's also kind of dumb
the reason I chose Batman is Batman's
right like we can use brainiacs against
the city's back and because we've
already beaten Brainiac I know we can
beat him again like we can just punch
him again right yeah and so I think
Batman made the is making the right
choice even though I think after we get
the city's back
we should definitely destroy brain so
it's like I want to do both that's
that's that's a that's a lot of guesses
fucking octopus how's that octopus get
up here in Brainiac ship fucking you
don't have that kind of magic
cheap shot ahoy oh that's right more
more better says and we've also already
seen Superman be a planet-scale fascist
yeah so you now give him a super ship
with the ability to oh yeah boy
everything oh yeah yeah no now I'm
double now I'm doubling down on my my
Batman choice
just for fun I'd like to see the other
ending too if we can if it's easy to
just go back to right before the end I
will not be your ally now the smartest
choice
Thank You fine thanks
aqua dink agador
cheese yep cheese was so ashamed
I don't cuz I'm doing horribly shame I
mean I there's a little part of yes that
feels very shame but you know I'm also
moving the story forward and I'm winning
so I'm tired of fighting you Arthur you
know can I just say that I really enjoy
when when superheroes condescended we
call themselves by their real names I
just love it I love it when he's just
like settle down and Clark's in his
Superman has it that's the greatest I
hope that never goes away
listen up
if you knew his real name but you feel
silly calling him Superman yeah but like
I get it in the code sense you know the
secret identity sense exactly
go into condom stay here and you'll be
prosecuted
you'd have to capture me Batman right
Black Adam instantly punches Batman's
head off
of course because he's we don't have
super pulse and he's a magical beam
there's some fights the Batman should
just not be winning oh yeah like this
one for example unless he like somehow
got the magical code I don't know I
don't know I don't know how this
universe works just using it once that's
not cheesing okay if I have to like in a
in a blink use it again maybe I'm just
looking up the ultimate ending isn't
easy to get to it's my time you're gonna
have to just be a hotshot yes we just go
to the YouTube right
I really thought he was gonna jump up
there no shit he just Kazaam
he just Kazaam the plot of the first
year of the comic ends with them
stealing the formula for the super kills
so perhaps if you're if you're also into
the comics you know already okay that
they just have a suppose unknown one
says can you guys play Star Trek
adversaries tonight I don't even know
what that is
someone recommended a PlayStation 1 Star
Wars game oh and they said it was the
best game ever and I'll check it out and
I looked it up real quick and it was a
Star Wars fighting game masters and
stars yeah yeah that one and I was like
no that looks kind of lame that's not
the best game of all time yeah super
suit tonight that edit actually just
made it look like there was another bat
it did that was a very bad at it he was
just looking at the bat man that he kept
hidden in the tube tube Batman it's time
for you to fight for justice
this is the last time please no more
secrets no more schemes schemes even
uglier bad suit how do they keep getting
uglier that looks like something the
shredder would wear in the in a cartoon
no that was like super shredder from LA
from turtles of turtles to of the secret
of the use
ninja no hulking monster I'm so dumb yes
what does rich my like oh fuck I do this
thing with my Cape where where like I
cover myself on my cape and I think it's
a counter but I never seems to do
anything so maybe it's not a counter oh
oh with big whiff I needed that
so gonna kick your ass you know don't
give up Jack don't give up
the power is in you what power what are
you talking about I don't have any power
shit
I'm Batman my only powers I can buy
stuff dad is the best line ever
Damian despises you yeah I know that's
great like 50 how old is Damian Wayne
right he looks like he's a teenager
how old was Batman when he started being
Batman I suppose that depends on when do
we want to theorize he's left as young
as 20 when he first starts right that's
insane that I mean that is insane
as youngest one key to be is to have
mastered as many things as he had you
think 25 minimum right
rookie Batman how old is he when his
parents are at times but what are we 12
okay he's 12 when his parents are
showing them and it he probably doesn't
think to start training immediately
after he's 12
right I don't know okay
so what if we assume he starts training
the day after his parents get shot yeah
10 years of training how long does it
take how long does it take to become
like the Batman
right 20 to 25 you know like I think 25
is sick okay
I'm I can agree with that and then what
point does he impregnate tell you is it
as rookie year well you know he's fresh
off the bead sees a hot-ass assassin I
get I you know he's just a human rich
cuz Daniel Daniel might ask me think 17
minimum right
there's younger than that I don't know
that much about Damian Wayne notte be
waiting in the comics is he's young yeah
I know I know
Batman has raised three children to
adulthood
he took him dick as a kid yeah Dick
Grayson dig the Grayson grew up had
Jason's hottie trained he's training
we're fucking Robins Batman has to be
mid-50s
de Muniz 13 and the comic books that he
lets them be a fucking Robin well to be
fair he's Damian who's been trained by
the League of Assassins
alright what does that move dude Chad do
you know what that move does when I when
I whip my cape
look I know you're all snickering at he
took in dick as a kid look I didn't name
the character Dick Grayson alright
that wasn't my naming choice
don't forget the Stephanie that Robin
yeah but I don't think she was Robin for
long
it's a fairy move Thank You mr. bill so
if I time that Cape thing just right I
can parry an attack Oh God all right
that's probably some higher level play
than I am capable of dick started being
a Robin when he was 9 years old now is
that is that golden is like Silver Age
continuity Golden Age continuity but
even so like if dick started being Robin
when he was 9 years old
Dick Grayson is now a grown-ass adult
being Nightwing yes Batman is 65 years
old Dick Grayson is like out of college
yeah so okay Batman started when he was
25 was a good-looking Dick Grayson
almost immediately even though probably
wouldn't have been like a little bit
like year two or so probably no you know
he's at least he has to be at least five
years in before he gets robbed before he
gets forever from because because he
like when he gets Robin the whole Batman
Robin dynamic is he knows everything
about being a crime fighter and Robin
knows nothing you don't know everything
in year one you think to be fair I like
I know he's changed you're three you
think he was the name in the comic
series that like the you know they did
you're one yeah then they didn't hear
two was the follow-up then year three
they had Ronald oh okay so Robins your
three okay so then his third old so then
he's 28 when he gets Robin at nine okay
it's fine
so now Robin is at least Robin has to be
at least 25 now right let's be generous
and say 22 meaning is up to the person
let's be generous
Clark and I found at the Justice League
we didn't go over so that's 13 years so
if he was 29 30 40 - so he's 42 maybe
well then okay then after Robin leaves
to take lies yeah
nevermind that's irrelevant because
doesn't take he doesn't take in what is
Jason Todd show up relative to one
Nightwing became Nightwing right cuz he
had to train Jason Todd long enough for
Jason Todd to be a badass to be
effective as the Red Hood right uh-huh
so after Robin leaves and becomes
Nightwing he takes in Jason Todd and
that's like what another bare minimum
five years of training in order for
Jason Todd to be a badass mm-hmm
so what Batman is now in that timeline
47 when Jason Todd dies and then he
takes in Tim Drake uh-huh and then he
has trained Tim Drake long enough for
Tim Drake to be a badass and go off on
his own weight Tim Drake is on his own
oh yeah Oh who's he there been to Robin
since Tim Drake what there were two
Robins since Tim Drake I just thought
Damian was the last one there's
Stephanie Brown for a short amount of
time I feel like we've had this
conversation and I don't remember he had
a he had a girl Robin
basically Batman is 67 years old easily
easily and I know it like Cott yeah
continuity in years you know like for
Marvel they say like every every four
years roughly fuck beyond belief oh god
you know what they try to say is like
every four years or ten years of real
time is one year of abundant like
Franklin Richards the Fantastic Four's
kid yeah like I think he's still like
like toddler and Kitty Pryde is like
fully grown up so characters in Marvel
aren't even aging at the same fucking
rate right oh of course not but know it
like just sticking with like the facts
as we know them Batman is easily in his
60s yeah easily yeah aggies early in his
60s and he's getting married - Catwoman
no I mean hey retirement right I totally
missed the ending of that cuz we're so
engrossed in our
recession above Bratz magazine the
ending was the lamest ending in the
world he beat up Superman yeah which you
you saw and then Supergirl says wow he's
sure sucked and Batman says yes but we
started to Justice League together and
you're super - let's start a new Justice
League with you and the Superman ending
has him enslaving Karl she'll come
around eventually but until then is
gonna use the Brainiac technology to
enslave her I'm really glad I didn't
know that's cute Batman of Supergirl
starts a new Justice League on Planet X
or whatever it's great chant have any
thoughts on Batman's age are people
gonna still try and save Batman's in his
late 20s after training 8 Robins well my
my guess is that if you are a writer of
Batman
you have to efficient him in his mid 30s
mid to like early to mid 30s because
that's like the fantasy of all the
Batman readers who are in their 40s
sorry sorry to hit too close to home
guys Chad I have I have read every chip
I've seen here here we go
but not popping up right away for some
reason yeah sometimes it's a little bit
tits 84 and I know I'm saying your name
wrong but I don't care asking for a
friend
is a prenuptial legally binding if say
someone uses their wives alias rather
than their legal name FMC know this but
the Batman Catwoman marriage is a sham
there's no paperwork involved with the
Batman Catwoman paper like you can't go
to the court because here's the thing so
like marriage for anyone who's not
married might Bruce Wayne oh yeah we'll
get married but you know what I'm really
Batman and you're really Catwoman so I
think I think that Batman should marry
Catwoman and we'll just willy bruce
wayne out of it don't you think we would
be diseased not the real me ourselves as
disservice if Selina Kyle and Bruce
Wayne got married and then he goes
through his lawyers go daughter don't
worry about them brilliant don't worry
about them baby okay so like for anyone
who who's not married and has like not
been around weddings that the whole
ceremony that that whole like bride
walking down the hairs all bullshit yeah
it's all bullshit the only thing that
matters is you have to take a piece of
paper to the courthouse in Milwaukee at
least you have to prove that you're not
closely related well and then
you have to have an officiant sign a
thing that says yes they're married for
all the people who want to say marriage
between a man and a woman and God don't
allow that yeah
they don't realize that a religious
wedding and a legal marriage are not the
same fucking thing right well or they
are the same thing which they don't
count unless you go through the court
you two people can get married in a
church all they want it won't mean shit
in the eyes of Johnny Law you can
married in the eyes of your church and
never file it with the government and
just legally it won't be recognized as a
marriage but that's what I'm saying
spiritually you'll still be married
according to your own religion yeah then
you don't get tax write-offs yeah yeah
yeah you know you can't visit each other
in the hospital it's a you can legally
married somebody and effort Church
doesn't want to recognize it that's
their fucking business absolutely
absolutely and so well only I said god
they're not it's different there's two
different things so in any case
catwoman in full Catwoman gear cannot
walk into a courthouse with a piece of
paperwork and that's what it would look
like it's like hand-drawn and crayon
Catwoman is married to Batman now signed
Catwoman in Batman right hands it over
the court clerk who's like yo this all
seems legit I see I see you have a
address here as Batcave what county is
that in just so I know for census
purposes
are you are you filing joint custody of
Damien aka Robin because that's gonna
that's gonna take up some adoption
paperwork as well how do you prove
you're not closely related to someone I
don't know if you we had to well
obviously we need to you need your birth
certificates and then I think you just
actually just need to sign you need to
sign that you're not closely related
like there's a fish alike yet we are not
cousin kind of thing I'm I'm sure there
are cases were someone has been given up
for adoption and then the siblings met
up years later and had no idea I'm sure
this has happened oh yeah
yeah but but to the best of your
knowledge we are not closely related is
like a question on the marriage form I
don't think we can do the Superman
ending unless I can go to the chapter so
I have to go through all the credits is
there is there a post-credits sequence
the game raid or an unknown one says
Star Trek adversaries is similar to slay
the spire but you use starships instead
of warriors you'll love it and it's free
on Steam okay I I think going into a
collectible card game that we're
completely unfamiliar with blind on
screen yeah it's probably a bad idea so
I would for today but you know what
we'll we'll look into it yeah and maybe
one of these days and that's that's
every tip bys got from today okay you
should be able to go through the
chapters yeah maybe I can just go to the
chapter beforehand and then do the
Superman crazy ending or is it a great
idea no it's a terrible idea because
like what's what's gonna happen is we're
gonna be really bad at the game yeah
we're not gonna want to talk to you the
chats which other boring game to watch
it's gonna be like a card deck building
game and then we're gonna want to pay
attention to the rules on how to play
the game seems unlock the alternate one
diamond mother box we've unlocked
Brainiac so we have to do a whole bunch
of stuff to unlock the final chapter
that sucks now on I've got a single
player if I got a place story chapters
chapters
I'll just go to the end and see at what
point wait oh my Batman is fighting
Shazam
that's two either there
Oh 75 completed required to select the
steeples 70 fights yeah oh wait can I go
here
will it just play that chapter and then
n plus 4 Krypton I don't know let's
fight hey looks nice on the fleet or
weakening him I could feel him losing
steam as we fought good should be it
easier to cut him off from the betas
on a skip no skip movie you are
persistent but primitive theatrics
cannot save you say Dhoni and Martian
says hello Richard Jack longtime fan
just wanted to thank you rich for being
my non-drinking robot
both my parents were alcoholics you
inspired me to stay away from the stuff
so thank you you're welcome man you're
welcome
let's say it took me a few times to beat
this Brainiac fight so I really hope
that you've already done it you've
proven cuz you're good dude
yeah uneasy this just for the sake of
seeing the ending that's true
now I want this true it's quit to main
menu and then we'll go to options yeah
we got a start a new game we're not
playing through the whole story again
unless you really want to I doubt it no
I don't very easy doo doo doo doo doo
especially because I might play this
whole chapter and then discover that it
won't take us to the next chapter
yeah
back
she gotta go the one right before that
yeah that was for Krypton the attacks on
the fleet are weakening him I could feel
a need to fight with the other
characters you didn't like to unlock the
alternative so black atom dishes Grodd
instead of aqua that's a lot of fights
where we had to choose people yeah and
that seems really stupid that seems
really stupid
what persistent but primitive theatrics
cannot save you I am just kind of
curious what will happen is oh yeah he's
not blocking at all this is gonna be
great
this is gonna make me feel really strong
and awesome but it's it's like really
easy you know no soup dude oops no soup
tea dibs Jack beat it no suit well I
suppose you know what that's fair I mean
he's he's just he's not defending
himself at all it's almost sad
it's almost sad
it's not gonna be nineteen more fights
well like I definitely I want to go
through some of the other characters you
know like I want to have some fights
with like Hellboy and the turtles yeah
and some of the DLC characters just to
you know see what their soups are and
have some fun they're also quit up for
time rich this is all in the same time
yeah then it's that it's quicker it's
quicker than I said I'm persistent ah
fuck all right as bullshit that's fine I
mean YouTube but that's lame so what's
the multiverse multiplayer years ago
Batman called upon heroes from a
parallel earth with its own Batman and
its own Superman to save our world this
was the first alternate universe we
discovered but now we know there are
many many others earth forming a vast
and endless multiverse 52 new births
ringing I know my disease infinite
heroes infinite villains and infinite
crises to monitor such dangers brother I
is equipped with the latest source
energy scanners enabling it to search
the multiverse and threats to our world
and others there's literally run
scenario my hurts intervention succeed
and you don't make brother I cuz it'll
guarantee throughout the multiverse
right I think a lot of people don't
understand infinity it's pretty big it's
like it's not a number it's just a
concept of there being so many that it's
uncountable okay
like a supercomputer built using every
molecule and the known universe still
wouldn't be able to handle the job of
monitoring Infinite Earths right that's
let's Jason taught it Jason Todd is
gonna fight Catwoman great see what this
is about
now that we're done being anal is neat
you make other characters fight it's
fine
oh yeah I know it's fine like and it
seems to have some sort of like story or
objective or yeah like a challenge these
are like challenges fight this person do
this thing that's great and this will be
a great way for me to to play as other
characters
oh that was neat he looks like a new
character class those look like some fun
moves even though Jason's has kind of a
prick oh I wish I have guns you'd think
I'd be able to shoot them shoot my guns
nope that's not shoot my guns how about
make me shoot a lot of guns either shoot
in the soup you're super duper move oh
sure he probably shoots all the guns I I
really I want to shoot my guns now
though maybe back forward Oh throwing
stars that's awesome I was right I was
right he's gonna shoot all the guns hey
so many guns that's great alright sorry
Catwoman her Miele was cute
shoot a damn gun I'm sorry
try the hi do can remove them yeah yeah
I think you think Q midair gunshot move
I don't know what Q is because I'm using
a controller but Oh quick attack so
that's a mid-air okay I'll give that a
try
q is quick I get it
no only the story mode is on very easy
this is just level one though so these
are all gonna be easy this is the
tutorial for for the multiverse section
so they're going to be very easy but I
only set story mode to very easy these
get harder as you go it'd be then why
even why okay looking for a hot date
yeah all right was it underwhelming yeah
I want like a Bam Bam Bam try that
jumping in Sakhalin nope
yeah he's good he's got like good news
like decent movies but like even Batman
has his like grapple shot thing that's
not doing it right
you got that which is me this is real
close out maybe not every character
fights the same I mean they don't
hope
but that like he has the gun so it's
like he's something with the guns why
would you do that cuz that's what makes
the cool cutscene violence be so
embarrassing watching that work on
Batman the grenade roll mine
you just leave them in the monsters
mouth
ah there we go you know that was like
that movies a counter okay so now you're
gonna go out of your way to learn the
counters
well it seems it seemed like it was cool
and it worked I wanna know don't have
your friend hit me you hit me career do
you think I'm gonna die because I'm
fucking around I got the counter to work
once though and it was really awesome he
used his guns in the counter that's what
I want I keep trying to do the scene
transitions where I like knock them into
the scenes and it never seems to work so
work differently in this game I don't
know I think you have to use your mega
punch everyone has a mega punch and then
you knock them you know into the scenery
into the side of the the ring but it's
not it doesn't seem to be working for me
guns do you alternate outfits that's a
bizarre alternate event try uh yes it's
all Jason time do is beat up women no it
does it's I mean it's kind of this level
is very beat up women heavy what is this
a domestic abuse simulator well I mean
look at Jason Todd he's an extremist
he's a gun enthusiast he's that's what
he's right for
it
you know the Friday the 13th game yeah
it should have just been a fighting game
where Jason like this is so overpowered
her but any of the other characters in
the game it's all the same cast from leg
I was just fighting game now
the 10th Lloyd beats the chat says the
10 shows like the universe where a
gunshot in the head was a tiny switch
even damage people wouldn't use guns I
mean you might be right
yay that was fun
first tutorial completes and all sorts
of mother boxes okay great does that got
the armor pieces in them or something I
don't I just I just don't know okay so
now who do we want to try do we want to
see what Joker's up to that ugly Joker
whoever we all we haven't played with
Damian scared again can you not pick
which one to use I can't go back I can't
go back okay maybe that's a that's a
in-game thing where you can like tag out
with all the turtles oh the bar I get to
throw the dude again oh I want to throw
the dude or maybe it's like maybe there
was a button to change outfits and then
that like what it changed the turtles I
don't know I don't know Zef grills this
month in Batman comic book Batman is
getting married to Catwoman and rich and
I fear eyes that the they will be not
married within six months and so we
wanted to start an official I'm going
eight
hey oh you threw the dude I wanted to
throw the dude ah you just can't beat
the fuck out of Aquaman for that
oh geez that's gonna be so hard Oh
yep because that's is like quasi super
cheap work I need to see the facial oh
yeah of course
here we go yeah nope Rafael's was
appropriately violent yep
see that's the super punch that I you
know would normally send him through the
wall but apparently he can't go through
that wall let's check the other one and
see if I can sit him through the other
one and and it's the kind of ship that
Rafael actually went to with the comic
books come here
wasting super yeah he wasted his
so by the way apparently you can't
choose other Turtles you have to choose
Leonid you know what I could have done
it I kind of doubt it there's got to be
a way to you think I could do you think
I could start with a new one maybe
change turtles and character
customization okay this is good to know
thank you chant Leah was best turtle
anyway
Leonardo yeah I mean he's the leader
he's blue he's the one who knows what
the fuck he's doing I I do want to fight
as Michael and mr. splinter said to
fight you I need to know what you can do
but ready for a lesson in turtle power
begin
okay that's not a bad outfit Batman has
on right now oh that was neat I wonder
how he did that oh there we go I figured
out hey look great what where's my
turtle power
that's adorable
oh no am I gonna whip because oh no I
did it too early it's fine it's fine
you got him jack I do you're
accidentally excellent using the no I
get it I get them into Turtles this
their partner super is really easy to
use and
don't waste my time
crowd Han says hey rich heard about Zeno
knots - it's like old school
XCOM there's a Kickstarter and supposed
to release later this year I haven't
heard about Zeno knots
two-seam that's one I've had for a long
time you know too much shit yeah yeah
here's oh here's here's the thing all
right me I'm rich mr. curmudgeon doesn't
like anything it's true when I saw the
oh now it looks like it's gonna be great
what Phoenix point remind me how Phoenix
what Phoenix point that's the new game
from the person who created ex-con okay
yes we I remember we saw a trailer for
that in 327 well there's actually a game
playing oh okay looks like it looks like
they might just ridge the gap between
old XCOM and XCOM as far as depth goes
it might be been meat meat it's
somewhere in the middle which would be
great would be great
love is free aiming I don't know how I
feel about that you can you can what are
it when you you know you next time you
just get percentage to hit yeah this
there's also an option where you can
like aim Fox Harry it still turns boys
you aim first before you actually take
your shot
huh so you can like a Matt like a head
or a leg or so like the VATS system
that's you doesn't actually like
highlight one you just switch between
this you can actually like free in with
the mouse so here if you want to
specifically shoot at this stuff I do it
did you want to specifically shoot at
cover yeah you can shoot a cover like
shooting an exploding barrel
Oh or shoot a cover to diminish cover
yes okay
so I don't know about some of the
designs like the aliens look kind of
weak yeah it's kind of lean but it's
looking like it'll be a good game oh
well good so I'm officially excited for
Phoenix point
yeah the Ninja Turtles are good but
Wonder Woman's kick on their ass
we just we discussed this a while ago
the Ninja Turtles can easily beat Batman
yeah but wasn't just from numbers yeah
well also training we've discussed this
the Ninja Turtles have a lifetime of
training whereas Batman only has you
know X amount of years wonderfully fair
has no power
I'll give Batman this much yeah he
probably has more versatility in his
training oh sure sure Batman knows
multiple different styles the turtles
are probably really really good at one
yes Foot Clan style ninjutsu but I know
that inside they know that with without
even thinking about yeah it's second
nature to them
yes but Wonder Woman has superpowers and
she could crush Russia bus she can crush
them with her bare hand just right I'm
fully trained for this fight the turret
lifetime is only a couple years a normal
Turner but we know these are Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles and it's probably
that humanity side of them that gives
them extra really that doesn't work in
there you know it just seemed like they
they made an awful lot of alternate
costumes for this well we've gotta sell
them loot boxes
yeah you knew you know the deal yeah boy
beat says requisite binding of issac for
souls card game Kickstarter mention that
is all that's right
Jack is aware no but we need to talk
about it oh oh we need to talk about it
because what is it okay so there is a
binding of issac card game like a board
game like it looks like a like a deck
building almost binding of issac in
which one is awesome
made by edmund mcmillen which is great
what's the website now I'm gonna forget
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be bad at my job
and there's a whole website that you're
supposed to go to obviously besides the
whole Kickstarter in general ocean but
there's a whole new thing yeah where
Edmund is doing a lot of what do they
call that like augmented reality games
to unlock stuff and so like you know for
example if he gets like 10 retweets and
people dressed up like Isaac characters
he'll add stuff to the card game right
I'm just doing like stupid bullshit to
help raise awareness for the card game
right and one of the things that he's
doing for The Binding of Isaac card game
now on Kickstarter is if you can get
prominent streamers to talk about The
Binding of Isaac collectible card game
now on Kickstarter I hope so hey Edmund
you fuck this couch
someone clip this is this good enough
for you
Edie and everyone knows I will I will
always shelf Redmond always I know this
about you I have I have always enjoyed
his games you know whether whether we
counted shilling or not I will always
show for
prominent in quotes yes in quotes where
we're we are dreamers I need to find a
prominent streamer what's the definition
listen we know we're low on the totem
pole but we might count I don't know we
might just count enough
are we high mid high mid high mid
streamers I don't even think we're high
mid no no I don't think I think we're
pretty low on the totem pole all right
hold on now we just got a bunch of corn
when it comes to the percentage of
streamers streaming things though yeah
I'm sure there are thousands of people
five years right
Oh tens of thousands of people with five
views that puts us that puts us jack in
the upper 5% we were prominent streamers
you think we're in the top 5% why
depends about how many people are
streaming they get like almost no views
just numbers wise number percentage of
streamers total we all float we all
float down here we float to the top all
right that might be fair that might be
fair legendary multiverse
thousand viewers is good honestly
yeah we don't usually get a thousand
yeah no that's alright no no we're we've
we've grown Wow Wow but you know we get
about a thousand and then on on twitch
and our daily you know the cut-ups that
we'd send to YouTube you know we get
about five you know three to five guys
kick our quality look at fuckin did you
notice we got a Batman Catwoman marriage
counter and quality we also have a
useless subscriber box
we discovered that recently our
subscriber box even though I got rid of
the tip box as we knew that was useless
our subscriber box is also now useless
oh I'll get rid of that yeah and then
we'll just have the the little things
popping up here yeah do we even need the
box around the game we're playing them I
just like it cuz it stands out okay
helpful helps it stand out we could but
it like are you comfortable playing than
being kind of above the line and
bleeding into the game no longer it
could be longer we could do that I don't
know there's there's a lot you're not in
the top 250 streamers by average yeah
but how many streamers are there rich is
saying like if it's if it's a one in a
thousand we probably wouldn't be in the
top percentage but if we are part of
30,000 streamers where if there are
30,000 streamers total and we're on the
top 250 right then that's pretty good
pretty good
I don't think was that much I don't
think there's that many streamers
what's that worldwide or just in the US
or what are we talking about that's a
great these are all great qualifiers
all right let's see here oh I want to be
Swamp Thing how many people actually
stream on Twitch right
wanna be Starfire we're not in the top
250 okay
so then maybe we're not prominent I
don't something let's be Swamp Thing I'm
just saying what's important is how many
streamers there are total and where we
rank percentage-wise that's what I'm
curious about
wait there are nine nine hundred not
only three thousand two hundred and
fifty two people those viewers or people
who actually stream yeah I don't know I
don't know man
these are great questions I google it it
says 17,000 oh so there could be more
streaming those are partners even
the argument this isn't an ego thing the
argument is are we prominent is the
argument or the quote that's that's the
question we're raising is I can get a
new thing for his Edmund McMillen card
game for the The Binding of Isaac card
game which I have already like I am a
Kickstarter backer of like can I get a
new thing for the thing that I'm our to
get in can I use what little power I
have to better the game that I'm getting
what was that
no I know but there was like a little
heart on the floor see that yeah I think
I get a help yeah it has swampers
awesome
you know what gorilla grodd's thing is
maybe 2.3 million monthly strangers but
most recently that that sounds CNN a
pool of 2.2 million we could be in the
top 10 percent yeah fuck you in the top
twenty thousand streamers about 2.2
million I think you're still in the top
1% right
why is this swampthing such a reskin of
Groot I'm sure that's I'm sure that's
sarcastic are they saying that's the
theme for me that's the implication so
I'm going to just assume that's 100%
sarcastic you're only familiar with drew
from the movies what was group created
in the comics I think it's relevant no
I'm thinking of though like the modern
marvel universe version might have been
70s but there was a pre marvel universe
group was there before they were doing
superheroes when they're still doing
monster comics Groot was the thing
really yeah
before he was in the Guardians before
before there was a Fantastic Four
there was a Groot I'm pretty sure are
you thinking of Mantha no that one when
Marvel had like just giant monster
comics like bing-bang-boom
yeah I think group was one of their big
monsters so like you're talking like 50s
later 50s and so one is Swamp Thing
that's the question group may predate
Swampert
was a chance
while people saying 1964 group hey I did
it I did it
I finally found a level where it works
all right so the question is what is
swamp thanks for suppose what are they
saying
1964 group 1960 was that where this grew
free dates to Fantastic Four by like two
years interesting that's really good to
know
Swamp Thing was early 70s group came
first
Swamp Thing is ripping off brew that's
great
Swamp Thing is ripping off fruit I never
would have guessed that yeah it was a
big monster that would attack cities and
whatnot and he what group wasn't part of
the original guardians of the galaxy
that was part of the the like 2000
reboot of guardians yeah but he might
have been a character before them I mean
like in the Marvel Universe sure but not
part of the original guardians as I'm
saying and so then when they made the
reboot of the guardians like hey we
don't we got like a tree guy in the back
catalogue okay no I know I was at late
90s early 2000s there was a spider-man
comic where a young Peter Parker had a
dream and it was all of like all of the
old Marvel monsters I think root was in
that okay that might have been his first
mainstream Marvel appearances like
computer Parker's dream look at this
joker skin are they just using
randomized decoration options it's my
assumption well this is the multiverse
oh yeah maybe
and if everything about Swamp Thing is
that he just picks up in your hand since
1792 track twitch streamers and we are
2713 let me put us in the top 20% hey
alright is that dang it top 20% yeah but
I'll take that isn't that prominent yeah
that's that's the more important
question what defines prominent yeah
probably not do you need your card game
swag oh I kind of wanted to see that
Joker he just plays the jokester yeah
look at that he's picked up a log and
hits people with it actually a Swamp
Thing is my favorite character to play
so far he's so dumb
right
and people think
yeah I love something he's great he's
the earth elemental so he's a plant God
now right yes
he's the elemental the green elemental
what this one thing got severely powered
up oh yeah yeah yeah I think that's the
kind of the only place you can go with
swamp things now he's just like yeah
well like right he's he's a living swamp
like what's what's how many stories can
you get out of that how many like miners
can he go over like you know Lumberjacks
gonna go after you get a lot of pathos
or drugs I miss being human
Oh Oh what was me
oh yeah I've never understood those like
he can just control where they go
I know he came first but darkside really
is just less interesting vanos I really
don't care who came first what is that -
it's not working
what does it do and it's not working
dang I love it
she's so dumb I know as much as I've
enjoyed some of Alan Moore's output I
really should track down more of a Swamp
Thing oh we didn't get to see you soup
to do because uh because I was so
unhealthy
oh wait found another one
so the monster-truck of the background
come on sir yeah it is a monster truck
in the background yay we did it
but this kid says check my phone what
what are you wait trusting them on that
oh I should check my phone oh did you
get a tweet no no I got a text why does
why is this kid saying I should how did
you guys know I should check my phone
how do they know you should check your
phone my guess oh shit my guess is that
Lisa was in chat for a little bit and
told me to told told them to check my
phone because she sent me a text to that
I did not answer eggs she asking you to
get eggs no no here's that by the way
how does everybody feel about purple
purple do we like purple why are we so
dim Oh
from how it's fine it's fine it's all
fine how long okay in in about in about
five minutes I'll need to step away for
approximately two minutes and then I'll
come back okay so we'll take a break
we'll take we'll have to take a little
break your questions are we gonna switch
games well we still have people to look
at and I just I need to take a little
break if you're having fun we'll keep
doing it don't give a shit I like I like
seeing all those super moves and there's
there's more people to check out Swamp
Thing is by far my most favorite just
because he is so big and dumb
you know just picking up logs and
hitting people with logs like he kicks a
logger
but you can play I I would literally
have no idea what I'm doing
that's a fun grab yeah and that's not
even like the official grab grab what
this does this is kill me
I just don't know care this that's the
official grab where another Swamp Thing
comes out I need to constantly check for
more walls I can break through come over
here over here over here okay I got it
let me get on the other side of you I do
believe you like this game jack I do I
mean listen it's all fun yeah it's awful
I don't know if I would ever like take
this very seriously but you won't master
it no no I won't master it buddy you
know what it's dumb fun right it's
fanservice how you get to play as a
Swamp Thing fighting brain that's cool
to me this is one of those games where
people ask us all the time about like
b-movie games
that's this to me like I'm gonna play
through all the characters once I've
played through the story once and I will
never touch it again okay this is a good
b-movie game so everyone remember that
whenever someone asks us what a good
b-movie game is it's injustice these are
fun
you know what these are fun okay I got a
platinum mother box great I want to see
what these mother boxes are how do I see
what they are I've unlocked access to
the multiverse each multiverse is only
detectable by brother I for a short time
ringing four minutes today though okay
oh yeah so like look that has like
randomly generated number fighters you
have to go through yeah and then like
you know this is only available for
three hours oh that's nice how you
unlock stuff sure okay yeah I'm done
with that all right I'm down with that
alright volts is this where I unlocked
my mother boxes he has wings now in the
comics swampthing is some kind of God
down
he's like the plant God
okay oh yeah see here are the loot boxes
yeah you can earn through gameplay or
this shit effects now so they fuck the
multiplayer yep
there's absolutely fucked multiplayer
yep these these are these aren't just
new cosmetics they add awesome jerks
mm-hmm so as the player breaks hate this
game because of that I can you probably
love it they probably love it do the
smart players hate this game Pro I think
I think fighting game hardcore fighting
game players want to be playing on a
playground sure you know what you're
probably right I don't know if this is
considered like in the same realm as
hardcore fighting games though it
doesn't apply to versus oh oh so then
it's just more like a like an RPG like
you upgrade your equipment to do better
later on alright I guess we can be ok
with that
and you can't buy the boxes well you
don't wanna read oh you can't
I am Reza thing I just read I know
furnace true that that would change a
lot of my snark because I would totally
assume that that they are selling B's or
or they're selling in-game currency to
buy these but if you have to earn the
in-game currency through game play
that's a very different thing
just open up some other boxes before cuz
I can I I feel I feel in my guts that
very soon I'm gonna have to leave you
for a moment yeah let's do the diamond
yeah well we'll work our way out we'll
work our way and so I don't want to I
don't want to start another fight
knowing that we're gonna have to leave
in a little bit
I don't know if any of this is cool or
not I'll be honest with you but pants
and polish you get a pouch ship that's
his tower pouch the pouch of power this
is the kind of thing that's supposed to
get you addicted by the way yeah this is
the kind of this is that uh it's all the
kind of thing when you feel hollow after
you're done playing like why did I save
so much time in this crap no but this is
the kind of thing that like people who
are addicted to gambling they need that
they need that ah oh yeah I got a new I
got a new prize I got a new treasure
grandi games usually just make you feel
like why did I waste so much time doing
that
nope out of silver ok we're on to the
gold mine of the gold ones
oh it's not gonna yes I don't even I
don't I don't care if it even like gives
me weaker stats I want to take that
stupid anti helmet off the chinstrap of
destiny
Oh team Titan assassin sword epic epic
epic on to the Platinum boxes rich what
awesome oh so much okay here it is
diamond mother box great now see you can
buy stuff for in-game currency but the I
guess oh wait go to store no oh
see I think there is a store box go to
the store you'll see what happens well
we don't have the steam overlay enabled
Oh but because you need the steam
overlay enabled there has to be a store
he's what I'm thinking all right let's
take a little break okay let's take it
just a tiny little break and we'll be
back and play more so we're gonna we hit
the be back button which brings us here
and then we hit the mute button presses