Jun 25, 2018
No Justice in This World (pt 1)
twitch.tv/videos/278472845
youtube.com/watch?v=wJ_blCRif6o
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1012038889035517963

the pizza train Papa Papa what do you
need to talk about I see pizza trains
Pizza train and the chat says hey tell
Jack that I hated Luke Cage season 1 as
much as he did but season 2 is real real
good ok
that's what pizza train says I've
watched one episode of season 2 yeah and
so far it's the same hot garbage -
season 1 yeah that's just one episode ok
ok but that one episode that the first
episode of season 2 of Luke Cage does
nothing goes nowhere the exact same
problem of genetic characteristics
should have put your hands down
and then just pretended you really knew
how I'm doing with you now I'm playing
right now yeah game seems to be running
fine of course we're you know we have
the separate streaming computer now and
I turned down a bunch of the graphic
settings just in case okay
so let's let's hope Bob but yeah we eye
last night Lisa and I sat down hey what
do want to watch and we had we have a
bunch of backlog bunch of shows we wanna
watch to catch up to but it's like yeah
you know what feeling a little feeling a
little brave tonight let's watch it
season 2 of Luke Cage I hear it's good
people keep saying it's better than
season 1 I'm ready and episode 1 not so
good you could have watched what could i
watch The Venture Brothers I could have
watched The Venture Brothers that would
have been great I'm assuming you haven't
watched any of it you know no okay you
know what else I could have watched I
could have watched the expanse which I
need to catch up on or Westworld which I
need to catch up on or killing Eve which
I need to catch up on there's like good
shows that I actually enjoy that I could
have watched but I wanted to take a
little chance I think one of one of two
things would happen if you watch The
Venture Brothers yeah either you would
love it and we would have something to
talk about I'd be able to talk to
somebody about the Venture Brothers yeah
or you will bizarrely hate it mm-hm and
it'll still be a good conversation about
the Venture Brothers I will get to it
I will get to it I would have watched it
I would have watched it but I've been I
was editing as we have an episode to
edit and I was uh I was on a good edit
streak these last couple days yeah but
you're like eight years late and two
Venture Brothers alright
I tried 14 so I guess that means I can't
watch I'm too late
eight eight years as if it's only been
eight years
I'm gonna get into the practice here
just so I can never have some of the
moves work let's take a look at probably
probably another year away from Season
seven at this rate seven seasons coming
in 30 days or so I'll believe it what I
see it that's the smart call right there
what I never I never fuckin remember I
know I should remember oh no I think I
thought I oh it's just nothing I thought
I said this one oh did I do hold on I
thought I set this one up to nothing but
apparently it's defaulted to my to my
general windows ID password with any -
okay hold on just this - story is
shamelessly embarrassing especially when
they bring in Joker it's beyond a cash
grab is the story the main draw for a
fighting game normally no we died the
zig one well you want Joker in the new
fighting game this is a fighting game
the purpose is just all the characters
you have access to so they can punch
each other
fanservice we want to have the fans talk
about the fan thing they like I guess
you don't need to use them in story mode
or something but
there we go
okay they go ok ok we'll we'll see if we
can fix that so so it does not require a
password to login ok I'm gonna do I'm
probably gonna need your help signing
into 8 other things so I can read no
problem yeah I got the we discovered
this one we bought it you can buy the
legendary edition for like 60 bucks or
you can buy all the game and all the
individual DLC for like a hundred and
twenty it was it was nuts yeah I think
we're good ok
you're practicing with Hellboy and not
doing anything I'm I'm almost
disappointed it doesn't look like like
run per my mic mic Magana or oh you know
I was gonna say actually I think it's
more his art style than movie style I
mean like flat-out 2d looking oh yeah I
like that kind of just like red and
black yeah Mike Mignola yeah Mike
Mignola something like that yeah
Oh
I think he looks very silly like look at
his tiny tiny legs in his big body are
you saying that Hellboy looks silly
that's exactly what I'm saying oh oh you
can switch stances like that
nice okay just figure in the game
outsell
that was just straight-up button mashing
okay super move available for a Britain
thanks okay
alright I think I'm good well just play
through the story
many thoughts and jared leto van Casas
Morbius the living vampire and sunny
spider-man solo universe which doesn't
feature spider-man I have the same
thoughts that everybody should have on
this no thoughts because nobody should
give a fuck about Sony's non spider-man
spider-man universe mm-hmm I thought
we've already agreed that the the non
spider-man spider-man universe which is
kicking off with the venom movie no
matter man's most overrated character
and haven't we already all agreed that
not even Tom a Hardy cares about the
venom yeah it just looks like a hot mess
it looks like it's going to be a bland
and generic dark movie
and all the terminators here
little I know about this game yeah okay
the Brainiac redneck
this is Krypton and that would be
Supergirl okay that's Cara that is my
very strong presumption
so this
but what but what so when did this
happen well presumably is this on
another reality presumably this is in
the past well of course it's in the past
yeah but I'm going to assume that in
this universe Brainiac destroyed Krypton
I guess we're gonna fit you know what
maybe we should just wait and find out
yes that is Kara in this universe
Brainiac destroys Krypton
Oh boom apparently it's figured it out
already blue laser flip friendship Oh
what
did you really know that no I did not
know that rich you could make a killing
being a writer he's saying that I could
write a Hollywood blockbuster I'm saying
that if they ever need a hack or the one
you know all the things
Cara come quickly everyone's mouth is
like this ha
what face do you make after this happens
only to millions of people that's only
the beginning
brainiacs destabilized the planets core
Krypton won't hold together research
isn't there something you can do that's
why we can sustain Kryptonians far away
he's built a ship just like this for
your cousin cow cow he's just a baby
which is why you need to protect him
teach him our ways
me teaching what about you no no I won't
leave you could you have sent a boy my
own age I mean he's my cousin you you
really weren't thinking this through
were you
I know Krypton is the south of the
galaxy but if we're gonna propagate our
race maybe someone else is putting that
out there mom
and that's pretty standard canon she
left at around the same or you know yeah
she left at around the same time as cow
but pod got knocked off-course whoopsy
dupes well they did end up in Kansas
Kansas isn't that South in my years
fighting crime I've learned one truth
that every villain is the hero of his
own story
Superman was no exception The Joker
drugged him tricked him into killing his
pregnant wife Lois and made him trigger
the bomb that nuked metropolis so when
Superman killed the Joker I understood
why we all did but oh fuck off I think I
think we can all make an exception for
the Joker's especially after metropolis
got Newt stopped all crime before by any
means necessary
right
our greatest threat
you know that's just like you know the
worst of the worst he's going to kill
them baby sounds like justice to me
killing people isn't justice Superman
can't see that he's grieving he needs
time to heal
yeah and what if it have been Gotham if
Joker had killed me your own son thought
I'd be glad to be rid of Damian wait
yeah that's why that's what he didn't
say yeah he was like he's like do you
think he could oh that would be great we
do have to oh that's right our screen is
full screen which means we're lopping
off the bottom half of it so you guys
can't see the subtitles I'm very sorry
and we're not gonna fix it during the
screams because we know that that leads
to scream dude they want to read the
thing I know but do you want to I can
turn off our overlay don't do that I
have to my god you read every event
resizing it on fire
Beast Boy
again you're running to be angry but
it's not a blank check whoa now I'm
blocking off the subtitles we just turn
the fucking volume up
do I need to trim the sound on the game
up
oh no it's fine all right
proceed under the assumption that it's
fine okay great
that's a great idea
yet one says Jack enriched which game
sounds better superhot roguelite or our
mellow turn-based digital board game
well I know nothing about our mellow so
I'm gonna have to go it's superhot
roguelite by default right yeah super
hot dog like could be fun
I know that one of my big problems with
superhot was the super pretentious story
so I I might like superhot roguelike
armello I think I've played a little bit
of actually I have our mouth and you
know it's fine let's go I didn't I
didn't fall in love it
it's fine oh but you know speaking of
board games rich yeah some some crazy
news drops today yeah
friend of the stream Edmund McMillen
yoga has been teasing a new game he's
been working on oh my god he announced
this morning a binding of issac heart
game which has a Kickstarter which which
I found out about it like 10 o'clock
this morning yeah and as a like I think
the Kickstarter opened at 8 in the
morning by the time I found about it at
10 o'clock in the morning it was already
400 percent funded so okay it's
happening hey girl the ugliest version
of some of these characters yep yes to
keep you in Clark from making a terrible
mistake
none of us wanted this but the Joker
forced our hand
metropolis changed the world now we have
to change with it
not like this so is this like you before
before injustice this is this is an
injustice prequel right now yeah
those things do we're not doing great
you're doing okay yeah great I feel I
feel good about doing occasion you don't
manage the buns then it'll be fine
that's us I know it's what if this is a
fighting game it Batman super I've seen
some of these they're deep shit
why not I'm not saying this is a bad
fighting game but I don't know how you
could argue that isn't what one of the
ugliest costumes Batman has ever worn
oh and I mean he's like also his facial
animations look super weak oh shit you
got me is there this is for the chat and
rich if you could double check for me is
there a dedicated block button or is it
just pressing the back button ah I will
wait for the chat to say thank you
probably just the backup it's usually
just a but the back button button
Wonder Woman come she was also crap it's
not great back to block okay great thank
you
there are tons of costume combinations
so I've heard I'm just pointing out that
what I'm looking at right now is hideous
and I don't know I don't know why that's
a controversial thing to be saying I
think it is a controversial oh did I
lose yeah
we try no this is ugly they're ugly
they're all ugly everyone everyone in
the world costumes cost extra wage
actually have to buy the the in grade
customizable costumes you don't earn
them through Play
oh yeah I know why I would be surprised
by that if that's true that's DLC why
don't the DLC was extra characters and
costumes
rich you can't say anything negative
about anything or people get offended I
have noticed this yes
humph toolkit for Jack you can tag
combos and the moves list to show on
screen while fighting helpful to use
moves without memorization I mean are we
not playing against each other right
well we're going through the story mode
yeah that's that's that's where our fun
came from last night can you do two
players story mode apparently I can't
even do single-player story mode cuz I'm
sucking so bad at it
I got a resort to abusing my super moves
now get back into the flow
shit
there
I know one well to be fair Wonder Woman
would whip that man's ass so it's okay
to tell ya truth where is he cellblock C
you can't turn your back on him he needs
you
that's why I came
he's gonna slaughter everybody with his
heat vision would be great it's just
like could you guys line up for a second
yep
with his arms out like that oh yeah come
on Superman two minutes he looks like
Greg Kinnear that's not it's a fine look
for Superman I mean these inmates are
irredeemable they're thieves rapists
murderers like the Joker that's the
problem with fighting for truth and
justice the battle never ends and
executing that will end it
I mean first oh yes now this when does
it stop when there's no more crime when
people can live without fear we want the
same thing Bruce I wanted to kill my
parents murderer I could have but that's
not the life they wanted Damian and it's
not the life Louis with one for you
don't you put that on me
a red solar grenade to dull your powers
you need to stop take time to grieve
before it's too late you wouldn't
you're supposed to be my friend which is
why I have to stop you right right hey
how about a little bit this nope
how about space nope that's okay doing
terribly doing terribly well you are
fighting Superman right doing terribly
it's just something you should expect
from fighting Superman yes
kryptonite ponch you have a
super-dee-duper
oh fuck you you fucked the suit you do
Papa while he blocks you can block the
soup tea do you think there's like
Technic technically speaking my
kryptonite punch should just kill him
you should have put it on the easiest
mode you actually have to learn the
basics of the game if you want to play
on normal yeah I'm thinking that's true
late I know I can probably go back if I
if I lose to the Superman fight then I
will okay just so we can get through the
story nope sad thing about injustice -
is that good Superman doesn't come back
to save the day so it really ruins the
image of this character even more yeah
this is supposed to be weird all didn't
universe Superman so I'm okay with it
yeah that's that's that's kind of the
whole point of this it's like a big old
whatever okay quick to main menu can I
reach you
I need you to tell me I love evil
Superman because is such a shit boring
character that being evil actually marks
it interesting
good Superman can be done right it's
just not about beating people in the
face right you don't you don't emphasize
that
Oh y-you know what I've been completely
not using Y at all no whoopsie where
does he beat people then he he saves
people
that's that Superman shtick which like I
understand like in this Oh in these
modern times all these kids wants is
murder and death and mayhem but
Superman's old school he just wants to
save people yeah yeah he stops the bank
robbers it steps the bank robbers but
then the bank robbers take a hostage so
Superman whoa
okay stop it Superman has to find a way
to stop all of the helicopter drones
with the explosives while also putting
out the fire in that skyscraper
yeah same time he like his tough choice
is choosing who to save Oh or how to
save them both yes
it's actually like the one of the one of
the like two interesting things they did
in the in the Superman Returns movie
yeah is that scene where he was floating
above the earth and he had to chew he
had to fuck you Superman
yes channel all-star Superman is kind of
amazing
who wrote that Frank quietly was the
artist how did I get here I don't know
how you got there I don't fucking know
what's going on I need to start a whole
new game by the way if if I want to it
won't let me change the difficulty mid
game okay oh no fuck nope damn it
should you start again uneasy I that's
what I wanted to do but I accidentally
hit continue it's not oh my no or look
into options I did I thought straight
again let's try it again oh I have to
stop you all right so we have resumed
move lists control preset our main menu
which is leaving the game unless it's in
controller preset Grant Morrison wrote
all-star Superman thank you chat and
then move lists oh no I have to I do
have to go back because uh I'm just not
gonna be good enough for for normal
oh here our story difficulty de you know
you know what you should do I know I
know good do this
I should do very easy but we're just
gonna take it down to one notch Jack's
pride will be his downfall just take it
down one notch and see if we can if we
can do somewhat better just easy it's
very easy like the character to stand
stove you just want the story Naughty
Dog mode not about yeah like the other
character just moves in slow motion so
you can see all their attacks naughty
dogs pack them somebody talks pac-man
yeah okay pac-man with very little
gameplay and a lot of scripted events
for the ghost talk we're the guys talk
and Pat men have said you know escort
miss pac-man around and they talk about
the state of their relationship called
slow that you move slower during this
section slowly that's I like it little
button prompts a section where you have
to eat the ghost monsters and you walk
over by the power pellet of the game
pauses and there's like that the ex prop
thumbs on the screen and you can exit
the power fella
so the ghost turned blue
rethink your strategy
the promise it's like even just going
down to regular easy so far
but I enjoy any of Naughty Dog's early
stuff at all
oh look Crash Bandicoot is great really
I did not much care for crass America's
fine
I did not much good for Christ sorry jak
and daxter in cuz standard standard
platformer of that era the first one
then the second one was a 120 121 sounds
incorrigible we do my rosin let him so
you guys got a fucking more fresh yeah
got a stupid fucking horny son hoes eyes
that makes sense League of Assassins do
problem solved
who's next Damien this is why no one
likes you Damien you're kind of a dick
at home see I'm not a big reader of the
comics I I have I have really nope no
room to complain yeah but does anybody
like Damien I mean obvious what was that
he sounds like an obnoxious character
who's Damian Damian Wayne the current
Robin is Batman's son with Talia al Ghul
you know the daughter of that terrorist
who wants to kill half of all human life
yeah
and Andi she she had Damian without
Batman knowing and he was raised by the
League of Assassins and now he's Robin
now he's Batman spoiled bloodthirsty kid
yeah it was a Robin you know it probably
leads to some interesting dynamics you
know like this you know Damian wants to
just murder people and Batman says no
don't murder people but how many times
can you have that conversation as
someone who never liked the Robin
character any of them really like for
Batman alone he just seems like a super
obnoxious version of Robin sure and one
who can't just go away because he's
Batman's blood relative yeah you can't
get rid of the character of Damian Wayne
without making Batman even more of a
horrible person
so you're just stuck with them
Damien Wayans is is that the Batman
equivalent of herpes Damian Wayne Dan
wins
well that is after he gets done fighting
crime after Batman kicks him out he
joins the Wayne brothers the Wayans
brothers and does some comedy movies
by
I mean to be fair Batman they keep
getting out you know Superman's behind
bars
Damian my own son is there with him
oh wait so in this timeline does
everyone know he's Batman I yeah I
thought your goal was to reassure people
mr. Wayne you're not alone in rebuilding
Gotham and metropolis but if we don't
change some mind soon thought that's why
you hired that overpaid PR firm Lucius
convincing folks to move back to these
cities is a lot harder than they're
afraid someone's gonna knock them down
again
Superman's never getting out I made that
clear
what Wonder Woman black atom Aquaman
they're still out there somewhere
why would you assume that you sure that
Superman's never getting out why would
you assume that
oh good let me tell you clarify my might
real Superman Jarriel Joker a normal man
with a bleached skin was so much money
for it was very susceptible to skin
cancer escaped a maximum-security prison
no no I built a better present at
counter right now 372 times but Superman
definitely couldn't get out right
themselves not even you
why is it important that he's
susceptible to skin cancer it's not it's
just I mean this is only superpower it's
just a dude submitters fucking super
matter thanks for coming on short notice
right you're lucky we found a sitter
wait isn't green arrow dead in this
universe this is a different universe
maybe this is before he died
my great-grandfather built the original
Gotham underground but these days it's
the Batcave
because this is this isn't our other
right this is a different yeah yeah
surveillance hub more than that a
communications hub licking every
satellite and server on the planet it
warns us when troubles coming and guides
us when troubles here must take a real
genius to operate genius
a world away you know that voice and
that character model just does not go
well together
I don't like it I don't like it worst
Harley I've seen created gaps it's just
with the realistic body rendering you
can't talk like this because real people
don't talk like that well the whole
point is she's nuts the question is why
would you trust her yeah that's the real
question
good guys versus I forget they're not
putting her in jails good thing I packed
my bug spray I need you three to stop
that gas before it gets too grande not
joining us for the party unfortunately I
can't leave go to our room why need
today this game is very good it is a
quality piece of entertainment I will
say nothing amusing to in order to not
offend your sensibilities
she's a different person enjoy Matt
regards enjoyment he just said a name I
recognize rich I know thing I know thing
he's talking about the joking I know
thing I like the Joker's purging system
of fun
they're not dead shot we'll be ready for
tomorrow's attack tomorrow well you know
I started reading speaking of who I
think is coming up here yeah I started
reading oh I thought this was gonna be
Swamp Thing because you know they're in
swamp I started reading that Swamp Thing
book that you were talking about the
root of all evil is that going you were
done you know this is what I was talking
about it I haven't talked about Swamp
Thing much no I know you you sure was me
someone mentioned like Alan Ward taking
over and the first story he did oh okay
I know and revamp you Swamp things
origins Oh
someone else might have recommended as
me after that conversation okay it's
it's a Swamp Thing book and I think it's
called the root of all evil and it is
too nuts for me then it's all just about
it's all just about the guy who is one
thing the the man who is one thing yeah
going on a drug-addled
trip to try to figure out what's real
and what's Swamp Thing and it's just
nothing but him doing drugs is freaking
out for a tissue is terrible the man who
was they did they really do swell things
origin cuz the one the only story I've
read through Swamp Thing yeah is the
first one Alan Moore road where he
retconned is origin like dinner
autopsies on Swamp Thing and realized he
never was a man he was just a plant
thought he was someone else okay
well then this might have been after it
because this yes so this is a RiRi vamp
of that because then it was the man or
the man God trying to be a man again but
the drugs had taken over and and the the
God part of him was like like killing
people in the swamp stop it
he's an ivy
how does that not what
Oh Chet if I want to see Batman is a
ninja I will just go watch literally any
other Batman cartoon ever made that's
the kind of Batman's whole shtick I see
I I mean the the Batman Anna made looks
interesting I guess soon that's what
they're talking about yep because that's
all they talk about is is you an anime
let's say you're wasting your
super-dee-duper I have no help
oh yeah and I realized that too late I
realized that too late I use my super
dupe and it didn't get to do the fun
thing because they're too long Batman
ninja is full-on schwa
you have a high tolerance but everyone
has something to fear that's an
interesting way to do scarecrow he gives
people fear gasps oh you can have a
different character design yeah yeah oh
shit oh that's great that's right I
remember they have a environmental thing
oh shit hey how come I couldn't do that
get him dog
that's a good scarecrow costume yeah I
would agree with that it might be a
little bit too beefy but now it works
because it's a hallucination yeah Angela
characters jump off stuff strong
characters and gross stuff haha wasted
you stupid II do
that's a shame you want to see it right
I noticed rich kicking your ass Jack
what are you gonna get tired of kicking
your ass of him kicking my ass I am
already tired of it does that count I'm
trying to get some spacing between us so
I can throw my dog at him again
Oh
No so exactly could have hit by all the
supers so he can see that at least once
right yeah yeah that's true I should
have I should have let me hit and let
him hit me with the sooner though then
I'd probably dead because even though
I'm playing uneasy it's still a little
too much for me
he's Jeffrey Combs scarecrow and Batman
the Animated Series I don't remember
that I could see it
shock shocking would be that I didn't
notice if that's true I've no reason to
doubt it I mean it's possible I I'm
trying to place the voice maybe maybe in
a different patch
maybe not animated Cheers
oh he was in the the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles animals means he did the
Rat King Jeffrey Combs wanna see what
Batman who is in
Oh Holly always such a disappointment
he was kite man and Batman The Brave and
the bold if that counts supposed he's in
this oh he was in Justice League
Unlimited
don't great jack
no great I feel like I'm doing great I'm
trying to grab them grab them grab them
fucking son of a bitch
I'll let him if he gets his super I'll
let him hit me with it I had these I had
these in help shit I just might lose
anyway hey Jason top of it cleaned your
collage oh yeah yeah
listen I'm we might need to jump it down
very easy well I'm assuming presuming
you let yourself get hit at the end
there I well I did I was okay with
getting hit but I mean in general no
they're kicking my ass
it's just how out of practice I am with
fighting games in general but I'll get
there I do know better I'm shit at
fighting those oh well and you know what
this is just like kind of last injustice
where it just took me a while
check I made a tactical decision to lose
pecker that's right that's absolutely
right you're welcome you're welcome
everyone Thomas are done this is big fan
from Russia got a question for rich did
you read the early 2000s run on Amazing
Spiderman by Straczynski it was
different from presented Peter as a
mature teacher and focused on him
dealing with more magical stuff I liked
his character art check it out please
know I was very fond of that run up
until you got to Gwen Stacy's goblin
babies and then it suddenly turned to
shit but right until then until that one
specific moment he had a great run an
amazing Gwen Stacy's goblin babies yes
she had sex with Norman Osborn and gave
fat gave birth to rapidly aging aging
goblin babies and you know I just I
think you get old enough to fight Peter
of course I'm sure that happened I just
love the phrase Gwen Stacy's goblin baby
rapidly aging goblin babies if you know
like if you want a band name Gwen
Stacy's Gwen Stacy's goblin babies Gwen
Stacy and the goblin babies that's your
band name
oh there is
now let me pay to miss someone else I've
been fighting as Harley along
oh no it's just that horrible Tara
Strong Harley I don't think she's
terrible
I don't think Sarah strong because she
does she's the original voice actress
right no I don't think so is that - no
oh no no definitely wasn't it was um
who's the original I'm drawing a blank
on her name but Jack thought it was Tara
Strong what was your name fuck man
Arleen Sorkin Thank You Chad I'm trying
to keep this I believe she was a friend
of Paul DS okay and Arleen Sorkin was at
a soap opera once and in some kind of
fantasy sequence on the soap opera she
was dressed up like a jester ah which
inspired the character of Harleen
Quinzel oh I'm trying to let him I have
a decent enough helper I'm trying to let
him do his super TV bomb me so the
character was created specifically for
the original voice actress Miami
if Jack makes a perfect round without
losing health I will donate ten bucks
not gonna happen my friend but you know
I appreciate the incentive
oh you're so weird
even by comic-book standards Swamp Thing
is weird
everybody's so ugly why is everybody so
ugly rich cuz they want you to buy new
costumes look at this thing look at the
shoulder pants wait when did she arrive
where did she come to just she just
showed up
where was a rocket ship in the clouds
listening if someone saw you how many
times have we told you it's too
dangerous outside conduct I spent
decades lost in space stuck in
hypersleep until Adam found my ship and
now I'm cooped up here how can we make
you more comfortable let me out Diana
you've taught me what my powers can do
this world needs help
Earth's people are so divided they're
always fighting
she's got nothing on the c-w Supergirl
Melissa Benoit is is quite the Supergirl
absolutely
or Benoist I don't know how you
pronounce your name I like Benoit cause
that sounds you know light and Frankish
and fluffy like a beignet but it's
spelled like the noise yes I would
assume there were a time jump I'm just
kind of curious how she got here she was
floating it's all she was doing the
whole floating thing
although we were looking up Jeffrey
Combs and whether or not he played
anything on Batman the Animated Series
he was the Scarecrow and dr. Jonathan
crane on the new Batman adventures I did
not notice
so not the animated series the new
Batman adventures last season okay so he
wasn't the original scarecrow okay
that's why I didn't know next gorilla
city guess I better call the sitter
mommy and daddy that season where they
changed all of the characters I like I
like the version of Batman oh yeah yeah
I don't like the black cape like the
really dark black I don't know if I
remember I wasn't so fond of the Joker's
really beginning to black eyes oh I
remember that yeah I definitely remember
that
but I thought the redesign of Batman
himself just sweet okay
yeah everybody looks a little off like
even their faces like just nothing he
looks right just think some of the
costume designs are really ugly yeah I
mean that's gorilla grodd I'm gonna let
him get away with it because you know
he's a monkey all right I love his I
love his big gorilla potbelly
what is that Cheetara
poison ivy captain cold Catwoman is that
Bane I guess it's alright
that's an alright collection of baddies
you hear that you want to see them mess
up Solomon Grundy how do you fuck up
Solomon Grundy in this game oh how do
you make him look uglier than injustice
style costume you can oh yeah Grundy you
give him like some sort of like armor
how no reason he's just wearing armor
yeah and a helmets like a knight's
helmet or like instead of like football
shoulder pads yes that's how you do it
instead of like the classic torn yeah
silver football shoulder pads and a
football helmet and George you mean as
long as we follow your orders Jeet ah
isn't her name she tolerated slaughter
swamp or is that a Thundercats that's I
think that might be a Thundercat they're
the same character the the the sexy
cheetah lady partner since we're relying
so much on him
I'm a brave one right I'm not bold
enough to disagree I call first dibs
you know Oh black lady fight I'm okay
with Selena's redesigned here with it
with the cat ears and the goggles yeah
that's fine I mean the rest of her
outfit looks ugly but uh whoever gave
her that initial redesign I'm okay with
what was that she's uglier than she was
in the Arkham games Goodwin says but
doesn't mean a mirror the culture it is
Star Trek had Kirk at height of Cold War
and next gen was after Cold War was
almost over
now it's just mirroring the overall
pessimism what I don't know I'm assuming
we're talking about Star Trek discovery
now which oh just overall pessimism
that's contrary to the nature of Star
Trek even even though like original Star
Trek was you know Cold War era it was
still about hope and humanity coming
together
one who's your super-dee I have decent
health did we miss the shack fou stream
for YouTube
that's on me if we did you've been
missing a lot of them yeah so I don't
know I just got three ready before we oh
I don't know I we might have I guess
that was a pretty recent phone right
yeah it's been busy couple weeks around
here that's true I let her hit me
because I motorcycle all right
I used Canaries one and I honestly don't
know what it was I forgot what it was
maybe I missed it
babe that's even an ugly Bane and Bane's
like usually pretty ugly green arrow
this may be great Power Rangers Bane yes
that's exactly what it is
okay and how do people keep fucking up
where's some who should look into our
luchador mask whoa
apparently I hit the start button now
Arkham origins may be the only game that
has done vain justice oh yeah
I picked up an antelope and threw it at
me I know I know it's it sucks that they
didn't get kevin conroy or mark hamill
for arkham origins
yeah and the overworld is just blatantly
the arkham city overall but if you care
about story in games it's the best of
the series use your super-dee alright
he's your super
I thought you liked bein in Arkham City
he's barely in Arkham City he kind of
has extended his I was almost a cameo in
Arkham City and it's the same vein that
was in Arkham Asylum which was probably
the dumbest version of Bane our Arkham
origins is the one that does bend
justice yeah Arkham Asylum Bane was was
big dumb monster yeah who ran a super
stupid yeah me crash into wall me so
stupid me run right into wall Batman
hence forth referred to as Tarzan Bane
yeah yeah now where's that damn dirty
ape
I come to you as darkness falls dr. fate
Dinah Lance Oliver Queen in the past
I've shielded you from danger but a
grave crisis looms
no I'm kind of on the case we're staying
here everyone and everything you know
will die I will Shepherd you to safety
lest you suffer the same fate force if
necessary a good doctors been wearing
that home for too long and let's help
them out watch my back
Toxocara burger but it's just an ugly
character in general like I don't know
if I want to blame this game wait a big
dumb element okay
sick of Conroy Hamel yeah I don't I know
I don't see that happening I don't
foresee myself someone in the chat
saying they're sick of them I just don't
see myself getting sick of them as those
characters right as long as they're
still writing good stories for them
right oh yeah I mean that's that's the
important part right I'm gonna I'm gonna
look up Bane and visually what he looks
like in Arkham origins and see if I'm
not just thinking of that game with
gross tinted glasses
somebody's saying Vayne doesn't look
that different here than he did in
orders so I'm gonna I'm gonna do me an
image search right now do it
yeah you know what his mask is kind of
shitty other than the mask though I like
the rest of his outfit in Origins but
the P right the mask his shit yeah yeah
they wrote him right though he feels
like bein in Arkham origins he's not
just smash water crush
you know Chat Chat gets a point for ugly
baby for me kind of misremembering sure
okay
I want to do at least my super dupe lane
Bane is Batman's best villain when he's
done rights I first of all that way I
wouldn't go as far as saying the best
that statement can be said just about
anyone right look like this is his best
villain when he's done right he's a damn
good villain you lost control of the boo
the spirit of the hell
thanks to you I'm back in charge for now
I have to go consult my masters the
Lords Florida pray they'll intervene
before it's too late
too late for what Kent what's going down
the lowest Patrick bars me from saying
more I have changed fate too many times
this planet's destiny is no longer clear
what comes next mere mortals cannot stop
for better or your victim rests in the
dogs that was spooky yeah come on let's
find Grodd and get the hell out of here
that's the best scarecrow centered
Batman story alright here's the sad
truth Arkham Knight and he's not even
really the central villain to that story
we're happy to check out but you're
coming with us
fighting a talking ape wasn't enough and
to throw any telekinesis I forgot to
bring my banana arrow wait you eat
bananas right or is that an offensive
stereotype
cheese and read cycle of violence fish
okay look I'll grant you there's a lot
of scarecrows stories I haven't read oh
sure
getting green about the gills see
kicking here no no I'm kicking - white
is good
never mind white is good I'm waiting for
him I'm trying to hear what I'm doing
I'm doing good enough wrong I can let
him do his duty
I was thinking white was empty you could
that would be that would be normal yeah
oh that's a super lame soup deep yeah
then again he is gorilla grodd so you
know he fight he's probably not high on
the list of giving an awesome super
power - like green arrows is kind of
underwhelming - hey shoots the arrow
doesn't flippin thing it's fine I'm
gonna be okay with it
desperately trying to work those arrows
into a melee fighting game gots to gots
two minutes all he's got it's just all
he's got he can he can hit people with
his uh with his bow and arrow and that's
about it man that's about it I was just
trying to be PC also his snark is
getting on my nerve already so I really
hope we switch characters so he's not
good at the snark ya know he's trying
he's trying
oh look they brought along giant
oversized gorilla handcuffs why it's
never good when you slap the cuffs on
and then they start chuckling no that's
what I'm saying where did he keep those
giant gorilla handcuffs
we know this when we when we got when we
were playing in just this one which
takes place after this did we know that
brewing in the act showed up at one
point I think we are now after injustice
one what we've jumped around in the
timeline I got nothing oh yeah that's
right you are correct they had a super
duper flashback to let you know about
Supergirl right then they had a normal
old flashback
let you know the Batman felt bad about
Robin and then we are in normal so okay
no bro my point of origin was a thousand
light years removed from Mars on the
planet coding tipping Holmes
mr. difficult
becomes the cones use your voice there
we go
that's your whole thing and effect
resistance begets violence
you're the grave crisis we were warned
about what do you want
I seek the one you call Superman are
years I'm Lala oh no they didn't kill
him they they just arrested him the
chakras we just killed them I am so
sorry we have a Supergirl
we have a Batman they know about
Supergirl Christie oh I wonder yeah I
wonder if she's fascinating will never
serve you I am the petty death but I
collect worlds preserving their
essential knowledge to enhance my
intellect and then I discard the
remnants why your species values
precious metals arbitrary symbols of
status everyone's ugly acknowledge and
like your metal trinkets knowledge is
more valuable when it is rare
so is the story of injustice - gonna be
we have to break Superman out of prison
so he can help us fight Brainiac is that
what it's gonna be
Superman's gonna read evil Superman is
gonna redeem himself date on the team at
gorillas I know stuff about your story
okay way naver's I saw some stuff way
before we even streamed the first one
okay so I know answers to things I could
spoil well I guess he look like you
he kind of looks like a derpy Jon Hamm
and in prison this Bruce Wayne developed
I mean everyone looks a little bit derp
in this five module to prevail you
harnessed advanced sciences
nanotechnology satellite communications
interdimensional transit I am taking
these tools from you why the Kryptonian
belongs to me
and soon the Krypton yo will your planet
wouldn't it be funny if they were
pronouncing it wrong the whole time
because nobody really do
Brainiac whose route of time is the only
one saying about Krypton do tiny and I
want the Kryptonian what we've been
calling Kryptonian why he's from Krypton
the Kryptonian when Superman's know I
only saw it in prints on my ship oh I
just so what do we do here guys
for the Cripe Connie Cripe Tom crypto
that's what that's what it is great I
want the crime Tom Ian the Kryptonian
from Krypton what gripe ton no you're
missing the W it's actually Cripe town
that was a misprint on the manual on
Clark's it's a quirk of the script
Cripe Ptolemy and dialect that there is
a non silent invisible w yes in the
middle of the word Cripe town is not
well known for its linguistic abilities
why are you guys all looking at me weird
I was on crime town oh look at this one
look at that this is an even uglier
Wonder Woman outfit
what was what was the Marlon Brando
pronunciation I don't remember
someone someone saying is oh oh they
went with the Marlon Brando
pronunciation is he the first one to
pronounce it Krypton
you're wearing the suit am I in trouble
again
Brainiac what can you tell me
how do you know that name you're afraid
of him he's invading he says you belong
to him
Brainiac can kill my parents you never
mentioned that before how do I beat him
you can't not without me yep I'll find a
way this is my fight Bruce
Brando said Krypton culture fist says
here are some superhero names that made
up sticky man green boy frog guy the
human muffin now you try
I like I like sticky man I stick to
things
man you got you got nothing on the tick
culture fest yeah you got nothing on the
tick feral boy the human carpet the
human foot no not the human bullet fire
me boy fire boy Barney boy let's just
say people here on thrilled to live in
close quarters with the flash convicted
regime criminal pardoned regime criminal
give it time come around
flash who is that guy I don't know who
this one is because everyone looks so
ugly I can't tell who they're supposed
to do I'll presume the flash has a pity
he's got all sorts of biddies my pardon
agreement was pretty clear on no powers
do you think that matters when aliens
are invading you help tear down the
regime Barry that's why mr. Wayne asked
me to take you on
and if Batman thinks you earned a second
chance who are you to argue
cramp cramp I haven't run in a while
cramp oh shit oh Jesus Christ
five me boys great fire my boy is great
let's shave a little bit faster I'm not
gonna lie that should have been a little
bit faster what do you mean as predicted
Barry Allen has returned to action is
ready you know that's right really
Gorilla Grodd is a flash villain how are
you how are you able to see that oh and
the flash is out of the game all right
bye
for God's sake cold look around yeah
crazy day
kind of like when Superman with nuts and
you went right along with him honest me
later fair we have the hell day that you
killed a lot of people same innocent
people who cheered Superman when he
executed my friends my sister
I'm sorry Colt but you never hurt
civilians you're better than that once
upon a time I was
hey I understand the comics what's
what's what's someone called Captain
Cold gonna do against the flash
what's anybody gonna do against the
flash right Captain Cold uses his cold
powers to slow him down you can outrun
the cold beams
he's the flash you would think yes but
apparently that is not always the case
hey like look I get so cold yeah also
yeah I'm not reading the comic so I
don't get this but as as we know the
Batman is going to have a temporary
marriage to Catwoman yes correct
of course here's the thing I was reading
a little bit about this it sounds like
Batman is marrying Catwoman rather than
Bruce Wayne marrying Selina Kyle
weight sales oh it sounds like the
costumed identities of the identities
that are getting hitched
but Batman can't sign a legal contract
as far as I'm aware cuz the Joker is
trying to get an invitation to the
wedding
uh-huh and Superman is going to be the
best man wait Superman not Clark Kent
yes so they're doing
unless I've read things wrong it sounds
like they're doing the wedding in
costume which is the silliest fucking
thing I've ever heard
that's it
that's the silliest thing I've heard yes
absolutely
Bruce Wayne is not marrying Selina
officially it's just symbolic kinda
so wait is Batman symbolically marrying
Catwoman and what's the symbolism for I
don't know I don't care I reading that
shit 10 years ago we will first we need
to get back to Gotham if there's
anything left of it
the costumes are getting married right
might as well be bad
what's with you Lawton you should be
fighting this invasion got no choice
drop Fernando exposing my head listening
stabbing himself to stab the flash yep
but now you're horribly stabbed and and
the flash has got shot in the knee so I
don't know what the fuck
the flash is super healing power so it
doesn't really matter it's all fine they
get to fight it's it's fine it's fine
yeah it's fun to laugh you know the
comics have a bit of an absurdity to
them of course
yes I know Batman's marrying Catwoman
not in costume and cuz it's the in
costume part that's really dumb if it
really is that easy super
these are super rich you stop reading
ten years ago five years ago
update your can responses a number of
years ago when was when was one more day
when was that Oh God so long ago
use your super
I need your super
oh you look ran out of your super okay
so my canned responses have been wrong
it'll officially be 10 years in a couple
months oh there you go yeah Flash's
super is pretty neat you go you go back
in time and knock him into a past
version of himself in the fight
that's fun I know it's just business
quite possibly the laziest supervillain
look the only thing you could do with
flash feelings that make senses there as
fast as he is oh right that's the only
thing you can do that makes any kind of
sense but his name is literally reverse
flash didn't they change the professor
zoom at some point no that is a separate
villain that's what what zoom is a
separate villain than reverse the
blaster zoom was reverse flash well zoom
is a phrase a separate villain I don't
know if professor zoom ins but zoom is a
separate villain from an alternate
timeline
how is this different from bizarro these
at least got the weird everything is
opposite gimmick yeah it's not that
different
oh yeah bizarro has a bit of a
personality
zoom is reverse-flash who is professor
zoom what Zack is right and wrong
reverse-flash and professor zoom are the
same zoom is another villain
Wow that's kind of neat he got punched
so fast that he's still getting hit yeah
after punching this that's kind of neat
local men can't figure out comic-book
law say men can't figure out comic book
more yep and you know comic book lore is
pretty fucked up man
to be fair to us
he really should have gone back in time
to pretend of the Joker from causing
Superman the bullet metropolis that
would have been nice but he's done that
before and has had disastrous results
how does he do the same thing he tries
not to go back in time too much because
you know that like tends to lead to
disasters today nice to see you too
Barry who's dead hand you pry that ring
from you no it doesn't work that way the
ring chose me even after you bailed on
the guardians to join the Sinestro Corps
the Guardians locked me up
but they also trained me to overcome my
fears I earned the second chance they
gave me Guardians made a mistake Oh
so the obligatory the heroes fight each
other yep yeah because it's more fun
that way teach had the problem with
comic book Lawrence is that it only
takes a bad writer to fuck up that
character's continuity forever forever
you do something with us to do something
stupid with a character that shit's
there forever you feel like do you super
Dee
how's that you're super dude you're
super you got it or until they do a
reboot and then you're not sure what
happened and what didn't happen right
I'm gonna get to see your superpower
well I think of what if Comics Marvel
has their fun and they're very
specifically not in continuity so
they're safely ignored yeah I told you
I'm trying to make things right I
betrayed my core my planet and my
friends that's the worst part you could
have said this before we fought each
other but hey that's fine trust yes
we're both on that path we have a long
way to go but they can also just ignore
it a bunch of writers ignored Quentin
Kaplan baby Gwen Stacy in the Goblin
babies you know there's just so much you
can ignore and still bring up new
material like if you want new material
you that's it that's a minefield right
like choosing what you ignore I get why
you don't trust me but you should trust
the Guardians this ring means something
they put me through hell to get it back
fine I've got my orders just thought
it'd help if we cooperate Lantern me I
can widen my circle of trust I guess we
could use a super-powered space car fine
fine they only send one Lantern to stop
this genocide I'm sure there are
genocide all maniacs on a lot of planets
at the moment yeah the universe is a big
place full of genocide Albania yes
that's why there's the Green Lantern
Corps my marine and so this is his job
he's gotta stop didn't wanna maniac
that's that's messing with his
neighborhood right the next time my
people's blood is spilled it will be for
Atlantis not the surface is that um
you're one of us what's his name Lamarr
my father Lamarr Burton levar but the
barber used to ignore dentists not LeVar
Burton I don't trust you Jordan you're
any surface dweller now leave
what's his mind Batman Steve Phil Lamarr
thank you Phil Lamarr yeah Kevin Connery
voice um Godwin soon defend itself
no Aquaman is Phil Lamarr maybe sooner
than you think
he totally sounds like Kevin Conroy
other go I don't need your distraction
no oh that's definitely
turning evil already not leaving need I
remind you whose kingdom this is so uh
what is he there's a ton of voices like
on Futurama yeah that's you think they
could I asked him to some different from
Batman ever though everyone kind of
sounds the same like whoever's doing
this Green Lantern voice it sounds like
he's doing eight of the voices so
Adrian says you guys are the best but
you already knew that especially rich
he definitely already knew that hey Jack
are you into funk music at all if you
are check out both Peck my favorite song
is Christmas in LA thanks for the
awesome content love you guys thank you
I you know I've listened to some
parliament-funkadelic in my days some
p-funk all-stars but uh I don't know if
I could ever say that I'm a fan of fun
just because I don't listen to a ton of
it
come on hit me hit me
shit me ask you
what did he do last one did he like
first shark it yes I miss him or did you
this time
I don't know yeah he hasn't gotten his
soup yet okay and I don't know if he'll
if he will listen to reason Arthur I'm
sorry I didn't come here to fight you
that voice actor he does - Todd whoever
is doing the green work I recognize that
voice and literally like every part -
never I'm trying to remember his name
chat who does the voice of Green Lantern
in this because he is everywhere Steve
Blum Steve Blum
they're your oceans but it's also my
sector let me help you
he's in everything
cover me
I guess they're I guess they're all in
everything like this going right all the
voice actor yeah just like yeah yeah
they're from everything
tee shots thanks for the tip I'm just
choosing that to address that right this
moment but thank you I thought the only
regime are down here to torture would be
Aquaman Jeter let's not beat around the
bush Wonder Woman's in hiding maybe down
here tell me where's your Amazon friend
didn't you hear i unfriended her
nope okay
super punch know you'd ones as the Star
Trek example from before wasn't about
Star Trek but about influence of
politics and all media example how the
decay of the USSR created books like
Solaris and roadside picnic
aka stalker okay I mean I don't have
much to add on it yeah like what what's
are you saying that current events
helped shape art yes and that's really
all I have to add right that's the thing
that happens
I want her to use their super to do is
it
don't use it now I'm gonna die
too wild for you you asked for it
yep am I gonna get my ass handed Rincon
like cheetah is Wonder Woman's primary
villain that big cat lady I don't know
he sees weird yo oh shit she didn't even
do her super move DC's really weird was
it was cheetah an original Wonder Woman
villain I wonder I know you don't know
rich and you know like was it just
because like they had such a lack of
female villains that they're like ah and
she's a cat cat girl cat girl
different than a cat woman from Batman
different very different
yeah do it that's acceptable yeah I'm
okay with that
the goddess of the hunt some it is she
like old school God - well I'm fine with
Wonder Woman's primary villain being a
cheetah whoa uh-huh
I don't nothing about the character she
might be a super awesome character I
suppose that's true
I mean she's awesome enough to kick my
ass
are there a lot of like does wonder one
have just like a lot of mythological
fiend villains that I just don't know
about I would assume the answer to that
is yes like you would presume reduce of
Wonder Woman having villain Medusa yes I
would presume Medusa would be a
fantastic Wonder Woman Brown I would
assume that yes but is Medusa wrong
mythology but is what is Wonder Woman
Greek yeah is Medusa group yeah okay oh
I don't know nothing Marvel stove stole
Medusa first well it's like Thor though
you can't copyright a mythological
creature it's that's public domain right
I want to say both comics have a
Hercules right yeah yeah DC can have a
thorn if they want it just can't
resemble Marvel's specific version of
Thor
right so DC could easily do their own
version of a Medusa
Wow really really diving into that bein
breaks things thing huh there is a DC
Medusa is she like a major-league
Wonder Woman Philip you would assume so
help Bane but I was punching what damn
it he'll keep missing to do stupid shit
okay so there is a major Wonder Woman
villain Medusa oh that's great I would
assume so
why is cheetah the only one the public
ever hears about she's hot I don't know
I'm I'm going to blame the people who
make these cartoons and games and
whatnot for only ever using cheetah sure
Cheeta was on the the Justice friends
right yeah for the super fresh yes yeah
I hit him with it
fucking hell
hit him with the thing
good miss a tip here fuckin fuck fuck
fucking hell fucking hell yeah
anonymous says yep that's it sam raimi
or simply me I would say it wrong all
the time play sam raimi or sam ready I
always say Raimi yeah so I don't know if
I'm saying it right I've always said
Remy and I could be easily be wrong but
I say things wrong all the time
I acai say Raimi I don't know if that is
correct
okay this spider-man movies are marred
by the fact that I cannot stand Kirsten
Dunst as Mary Jane she is annoying and
just there to be saved the one thing
I'll give the amazing spider-man movies
is that I bought the chemistry between
Glenn and Peter I don't know they had
much chemistry this Peter Parker in
those movies is a fucking mannequin
mm-hmm
the one was pretty good funny thing
about Kirsten Dunst as Mary Jane is
really they called her Mary Jane but she
felt more like a Gwen Stacy type to me
hmm didn't feel she didn't feel much
like Mary Jane from the comics
in fact I remember some got an interview
a little bit said they give her some old
spider-man comic books to read yeah done
so she said I thought I was playing the
blonde one
yeah that would actually make it ton
more sense come on what's the difference
Gwen Stacy's very much a boring girl
next door and Mary Jane Watson was kind
of a bitchy party girl but ultimately
the more interesting character yeah I
don't I don't know house moves I don't
know the good hal moves Mary Jane is a
fiery redhead yes she's boring Gwen
Stacy's boring it's wedding killer that
is why that is why they killed him the
writers realized all all she was doing
is here she was crying about things I'm
sad you know and she was a dull
character and she was a drain on the bun
so they
we got
I feel like I finally got him on the
ropes here this could just be the game
like seeing that I lost twice though and
just saying like yeah I'm trying to
think I'm trying to think of Gwen
Stacy's that well Gwen Stacy was
interesting in the fact that her dad
captain Stacy was it was a was a
believer in spider-man right he was a
police captain who actually knew I
actually didn't think they would build
that until they killed them off and he
knew that Peter was spider-man right
right well and with all the cops against
spider-man there was like the one cop I
was on his side or happen to be Gwen
Stacy's dad yeah so then they killed him
off right but what I'm saying is there
was a little sure a little more than MJ
somewhere else where's this leave us you
put yourself at risk for Atlantis maybe
you can be trusted so you're in
I can't I belong here defending my
people
instead of killing her off couldn't they
write her interesting like they could
have it's just not what they chose to do
what
he's a cat
Atrocitus indexed our agents of
vengeance powered by rage with a party
once they see I hate saying okay at
least at least the original like that
kind of interesting yeah but the
characters probably that's not a
terrible thing to say I mean this makes
me feel dirty saying even though she's a
fictional character well but who the
guilt of her death probably had more
value to the comments of living when
Stacey did I was gonna say isn't Uncle
Ben more valuable dead yeah so oh my god
they're just puking
I can't
they have magic angering the Red
Lanterns no shall escape my sight let
those who worship
beware my power Green Lantern's light
you're right I do hate myself for what
I've done but my will is stronger than
my hate as will an emotion
