Jack Likes The Witcher 3 (pt. 2)
June 17, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YUHvJ3GHFM

ah roach where are you yeah
nope I'm over here dummy company you
dumb horse I'm gonna talk to him roach
come on Debbie all right all right let's
say yeah maybe wait maybe I can fast
travel there where am I going the whole
way over here yeah should probably fast
travel can tie fast travel yes I cannot
travel here oh well fuck didn't I do all
this already
you can't fight you must
just find a fast travel signpost so I
need to be at a signpost as they're
still talking about it looks like my
macaroni analogy went over well with the
chat yeah yeah like him I've been to the
city before thought I have at least hey
chat help you out with fast travel again
it's been a while since I fast traveled
and I get like I don't super need it but
do I need to be at a signpost
oh that's end that's right I want to go
okay you have to be at a sign I have to
be the sign for us thank you thank you
it's been a while
are there any other 90s odds shows we
recommend that aren't Star Trek well
Farscape quantum leap
it's like 80s late 80s probably went
into the 90s it was not a while chance
recommending x-files I guess not that's
not a bad recommendation there's not
does it have to be science fiction
because you have Seinfeld's great oh
yeah
sliders sliders is a great premise and
the show never really lives up to it ah
there's some fun there were some fun but
sliders is this show were the the kid
and the scientist guy and his friends
good trap going to different alternate
dimensions trying to find their way home
yeah from different parallel Earth's
yeah and you know you can give at least
one season of sliders a bit of a bit of
hokey fun yeah and then and then after
that you could say that it
hey you know it's fine the lovers
meeting it oh I can do this again that's
right I don't think I was strong enough
to do this last time but diamond level
11 now oh shit there's so much look at
all this shit to do man look at all of
my open quests this is crazy
did either of you ever get into lost I
avoided it like the plague does I smell
a mile away that they had no idea where
they were going with it and it was only
going to let people down in the end and
then my predictions came true and I felt
justified
I watched lost I liked a lot of loss
okay so here here's here's a little
thing much like a lot of shows during
that time period lost one hugely
suffered from the writer strike because
it hey it had big gaps and then when
they came back there was a bit of a
reorganizing and of reshuffling to lost
was also part of that awkward years
where where they were trying to make
they were they were trying to combined
season long story arcs with an ever
continuing excuse me I burped with an
ever continuing narrative instead of
having one encapsulating story just for
a season but lost has one of the
greatest pilots on television ever yeah
the pilot episode of lost is some of the
most fantastic television you will ever
see so I've heard so I've heard
it absolutely suffers like there's a lot
of bullshit with lost they ask a lot of
questions and questions and don't answer
and
nearly any of them that being said by
the time you get to the end of lost if
you are invested in the characters it
wraps up the characters very well not
necessarily the stories but a character
okay so I I can see a lot of you
being really frustrated by lost because
it doesn't wrap up the stories very well
but it does the characters very well so
there's there's a lot of shows a lot of
lot of things they just never got around
do ya lost is what I actively avoided
sure sure yeah I can see that all right
I can see that I still think at very
least watch the watch the uh-oh right
that's where I have to be a sign for
watch the pilot watch the pilot it's
that pilot is damn good I don't have to
watch it watch the pilot I know we
crashed the damn plane it's the premise
but what happens after the plane crashes
no the pilot of the plane it is Father's
Day so all the dad jokes are welcome
great pilot great pilot really great
mystery but then yes prepare for some
disappointment after the pilot best one
of the best pilots in all of all
television though those first couple of
episodes that like actually you know
what I I would even say here's what I
would say I've lost the first two
seasons yeah solid fucking gold yeah
solid gold seasons great characters
great mysteries really neat world
building after that the writers strike
hit and everything got all wobbly it I
think it picked itself back up with
those first two seasons solid fucking
gold okay after that just imagine
whatever you want to imagine happens
because yeah it gets a little dicey also
not science fiction but from from well
maybe maybe too recent to be odds okay
in the office oh sure that's pretty good
I was great
Oh Venture Brothers well when did that
start late odds sir
slate haunts late odds little it's okay
we're gonna help okay I'm at a sign pose
do I have to get up
sorry roach I gotta leave you here
excuse me my true brothers just 2003 wow
so much time in between seasons it sure
started apparently in 2003 it's only
it's only five seasons yeah 30 30 30
rock is a really interesting show I
never I never watched all of 30 rock but
occasionally I'd catch an episode here
there and it's not the 30 rock is not a
show that is super funny all the time
but it always has one bit that makes the
entire show worth it yeah one bit that
is so funny that the entire episode is
worth it 30 rock yeah I never I never
watched the full thing for some reason
but overall it's pretty good right let's
go hunt some which is a chat rome was
awesome
Rome was a show on HBO about the Roman
Empire okay
village in the swamp Lord Roma's like a
high budget period piece slash soap
opera it's great you know it sounds like
the Baron is trying to downplay the
existence of witches after his unborn
son turned into a zombie and we had to
fight ghosts and stuff and it's like you
know that's just not consistent
characterization like you just got done
fighting ghosts babies and zombies stuff
like yeah witches exists we can get
there it's not that hard of a leap well
this is a world where zombie babies and
ghosts might be an everyday part of life
right but he's never seen a witch of
course zombies and ghosts are part of
the natural world he sees that shit
every day he's never seen a fuck
nice got loot the corpses gimme a moment
boys I'm gonna take one monster claw
nice Jack did you already do the
question the nearby town to find out the
history of these witches plus the deer
with the glowing red eyes yet you maybe
yeah maybe it's been a while it's been
it's been like maybe a good couple of
months since I've played but I think I
did so for all the non-virgins here says
blow blow bah 32 yeah yeah can you
explain to me why I should start
watching Star Trek you know for all the
non-virgins oh non-virgins nevermind I
got that backwards I bet he's trying to
call everyone who watched Star Trek over
Japan I was saying they aren't for all
the non-virgins what weird way to phrase
that unless it was just meant to be like
a double reverse like somebody we wanted
to be a jackass say call the Bruins
explain why I should like Star Trek
that's what I thought it was myit
ravanan vert wait I'm sorry I don't
understand I still don't quite
understand either either they meant it
as a joke by reversing the dickish nosov
it yeah or they were trying to be a dick
and they seriously fucked it up I think
they seriously fucked it up I think well
I think what he's saying is he that
person is an on waitin is an on virgin
and they don't know what Star Trek is no
he's saying people that watch Star Trek
are virgins then why is he asking non
versions why they should watch Star Trek
that implies that the people who watch
Star Trek aren't virgins yeah I think
you got that backwards dude
if he's if he's trying to be an asshole
then his logic the non-virgins don't
watch Star Trek and they wouldn't be
able to help him anyway I think he's
saying like for all the non virgins can
you virgins explain to the non-virgins
about Star Trek I think but I think he
got it backwards ok I don't know and he
probably wants to Star Wars yeah so
there you go well it does say here's
here's a question for that person rich
does it count a can you be an on version
if you only fuck yourself does that
count
nope so much fire don't make a travel
like that or there's nothing to do with
Star Wars
look I'm just taking my cheap shots when
I can I don't I don't seriously mean
anything by I don't think you have
anything to fear brought your new
friends with you don't need to protect
you from me
tomorrow he meant Star Trek virgin as in
he's never watched him okay
that makes sense but he hasn't popped
his Star Trek cherry
I completely forgot that I even met
tomorrow I'll be honest with you this is
the problem taking such a long break in
a game like this I might have told
tomorrow that I wouldn't come back but
holy shit rich looks like an asshole now
that was phrased very awkwardly it was
phrased very awkwardly it was phrased as
if because for I guess for those who
don't know stereotypically you know
sci-fi nerds are referred to as virgins
and so you know
your father he wants to find his wife
your mother really he pay you much to be
his yes-man verily I say unto you that
ayah and vehement scan lead to naught
but one's downfall ask so crudely this
is my commander and that should be of no
concern to a drunken swine he was making
fun of Star Trek fans calling the Virgin
so for all the non virgins while watch
it right
he's tooling with you sir that's what I
believe well considering all the
confusion he wasn't doing a very good
job witches will yellows wouldn't be
here if I wasn't willing what else to
expect in this case no time to lose
Crohn's could return any minute how do
you know they're not human red II
because we're still alive so it's the
village
which is an asshole I mean you know yeah
occasionally sure somewhere deep down I
have a heart of gold it's an asshole
with a heart of gold you dig that deep
doesn't even matter
Oh
did anything at e3 intrigued me I mean
III is always trailers that don't tell
you too much sometimes it's hard to get
intrigued yeah I was I was most most
thrilled with with doom just the
announcement it's only been 2 years I
kind of assumed I wouldn't hear anything
about it like a year from now sure first
start hearing about it
so I'm glad to hear about it well I mean
we've seven few months before we really
hear anything about yeah I won't get
truly hype do we see it in August right
right so but then music in that trailer
is just fantastic
what's happened to her
something's coming
get ready oh shit
prepare for a fight that damn my sword
is Busta fine rich have you heard of
Phoenix Point ex-con ripoff from the
creator of the original out next year
looks really good I heard about it last
year I haven't haven't seen anything
recently what's good and I know
technically he doesn't own XCOM but if
he's the creator did you really call it
a ripoff and really he gets a pass for
for ripping off the thing he created was
that John Fogerty court case oh I don't
know about this where where when he was
in is that John Fogerty cleated
Creedence Clearwater Revival yeah he he
got sued because a song that he wrote as
John Fogerty sounded too much like a
Creedence Clearwater Revival song that
he wrote that he rose was no longer own
the rights to write and so he he had to
prove that two songs that he wrote were
different enough in a court of law
haha I wrote him both and I can say
honestly that they're just different
songs exactly and so here he has a play
he had to play for a judge why the songs
were different two songs that he wrote
that kind of sounded alike that's great
as you can clearly see this guitar riff
is this and I know cuz I wrote it and
this guitar riff is this
oh you will they stream jump force I
know I know you think nothing look at
that thing
ah fuck yeah that's great monster that's
sorry yeah sorry I just fucking low
that's fine
ah that's great have some fire I don't
have any fire yet and some fire it would
mostly just be me wondering why things
are a bit like we already rarely play
fighting games I think I think injustice
is a big is a is acceptable because you
know we could there's a lot of comic
book talk to be had in there yeah and
just superhero stuff in general we're
pretty we're pretty okay with but uh I
excuse me guy reminiscent of the tree
beasts and thief - ah man he's great
look at him I still don't even know what
that fucking thing looks like because
when I caught a glimpse of it coming
around the corner I just started fucking
running right
magic trap Oh your trap now mother fuck
up errant Li you're not never mind oh
shit how do i what
what is happening how do I use anything
hit my fan of the recent thief No
they've reprises things are all the
great content thanks for all the great
content thank you young ones as multiple
yeah get general abilities gourmet food
and rage management any thoughts on neo
we did a whole episode about it you can
listen to our well-thought-out and
edited comments what are you guys
thinking of the World Cup so far I'm not
not it not even a little bit
voodoo mama Ganza says jack voodoo mama
gansan I really enjoyed your Skyrim
stream as someone who's played a
consistently since it was really since
it was released it was great seeing
someone play it for the first time oh
great I really enjoy playing The Witcher
3 and polish with English subs
tell biscuit I love him also I'm playing
this on normal yeah no you know like
Scott a Skyrim I can I can see it
already you know I'm only a few hours in
but I can see the appeal already big
world lots of options a ton of
replayability you know player plays
different races you know played you play
the same game but a different way I can
I can see it already I don't know if I
can get over this big dumb combat though
in this in in Skyrim Oh Skyrim in Skyrim
it's just like it's just so clunky you
know what I was doing a lot is you get
you know one one hand I had a sword in
or an axe or something and the end the
other hand has like a magic attack right
yeah and so what I found myself doing is
just like you know like tapping someone
on the head with my axe and then backing
away and shooting fire at them
yeah so they died and then I would tap
tap man like that was my entire fighting
strategy in Skyrim yeah yeah which
worked pretty good one thing I remember
from Neil item item management all those
garbage items that got thrown at you
hundreds of hundreds of swords with
minors stat differences
you get a 30 of them every minute you
check the menu to see which ones
slightly more powerful yep that was
irritating and then you have to go to a
certain place to like you grind them
into like money or souls or whatever
that might be useful yeah
wise men with a gift of healing whoa I
got a decision to make a rich so the the
his wife the mother of the lady who's
there is is a little crazy yeah and the
the the the daughter was like oh it's
obviously a spell and the witch was like
no she just lost a baby her husband was
abusive she was like tortured by witches
she's just nuts yeah and so now now the
husband's like oh I'll take her to a
hermit he's got a gift of healing what
are the what are the potential downsides
if I say worth a try then that's
basically me throwing in with letting
the wife go with her husband who we know
has been abusive in the past okay and so
I'm thinking makes no sense leaves an
opening for the daughter to be like then
she should come live with me and get
away from you okay cuz that's because I
completely forgot that the daughter was
in this situation when I started this
storyline so that's what I'm gonna try
it okay makes no sense
it's no use don't either can do anything
for her now you have duties duties
deriving from your commitment to the
Church of the eternal fire once we
finish our work in valanor we return to
Oxford you said you'd save my mother and
I kept my word your father can care for
it now
you know him you know what he did to her
he swears to be a changed man and in his
eyes I see true soul
remorse racism in new and you were new
life and new duties to the eternal fire
fear not all will be well
yeah take her to the hermit no matter
what you have my word
joint yeah
when you get later into the game crank
the difficulty up you can easily build a
tornado crazy smokin figure now you know
what I'm fine with the difficulty I'm
I'm just enjoying the world a little bit
of combat I have now it's fine
I don't necessarily what quiet even here
okay thank you witches
may the eternal fire okay well guys
crotch got in the way there that's it
that nice shot whoopsie
how many gate kisses would you give that
I mean that was that was a significant
that was one big gay kiss that's what
we're gonna call it that was uh that was
a down-south gay kiss if you know what
I'm saying
I think the gay community calls that
kiss in the carpet no I don't the the
game plays nice I like the monsters I'm
okay with the battle and you know what I
I kind of like as far as like upping the
difficulty I like being the badass here
so I'm just okay on the I'm a normal
difficulty okay
I don't I don't need this super
challenge here DC Brady says hey Bert
and Ernie I recently watched Blues
Brothers for the first time I fucking
loved it
such a great film yeah yes what is your
opinion on the film as a Chicago native
Hidy Hidy Hidy Hidy Hidy Hidy ho hidey
hidey hidey ho where did we kill that
big guy
I love the Blues Brothers it's an
amazing film probably better if you're
familiar with Chicago yes but I think
it's a great film otherwise too sure
that you know the the sheer amount of
cars they fucking obliterate in fucking
downtown Chicago right in the era before
CGI is astounding yes and the the later
part of that film when they're driving
on the freeway yeah that was actually
filmed here in Milwaukee on the yet to
be completed Marquette Interchange yeah
so like that's that's the highway that
is currently in downtown Milwaukee
those Milwaukee ins love shoving their
foot in the Blues Brothers store for
that one shot the one shot we got it I
had somebody tried to tell me that it
was filmed in Milwaukee because that one
fucking shot what was rubbish that's a
Milwaukee movie no I'm sorry the one
shot was it counts those are some major
streets they closed off downtown by the
yellowtail
yeah Chicago I think like everyone can
admit no matter where it was films great
great fucking movie great fucking movie
all right great let's go take care of I
think on stream one of the things I was
trying to take care of was this this one
Jen it was Jenny of the woods and now I
think I'm in an appropriate level where
I can finally take care of Jenny of the
woods I gotta fight a big witch so I
think I'm ready for Jenny Jenny from the
block
let's uh meditate a little bit
how you feeling tomorrow my fine fuck it
I'm out you know what I'm out
fast-travel probably my favorite touch
in the movie was you know at the end
when they finally get to the daily
center daily plans oh okay
and they you know they get out of the
car and the car just falls apart as soon
as they're done as soon as they're done
with it the car just falls apart from
all the shit they put it's it's a it's a
lovely we're done with the car the movie
now yeah agreed
and Steven Spielberg cameo at the end
he's the guy in the office I don't think
that they get the receipt from it's been
so long since I've seen it who takes a
sweet time processing their payment as
the fucking National Guard is swarming
up the stairs to get at them it's been
way too long since I've seen
all right what's uh let's just save cuz
I think I've dealt with this before and
I remember like I'd started doing this
quest way too early and I wasn't
necessarily prepared for it
what Frank Oz at the beginning
yeah he's the that cop on the other side
of the desk or not really desk the the
area where they're giving John Belushi
his possessions back okay oh yeah yeah
well only only John Landis movie he can
do Frank Oz he like a mortician in
innocent blood - oh no no no then a
mortician with job Medical Examiner I'm
pretty sure he's an innocent blood
he's in most of his films okay I'll keep
my eyes up for more Frank god Frank eyes
cameos and john landis movies this isn't
gonna work
I'm not ready yet
and Oquendo says you guys ever stream
Max Payne and or Max Payne to to my
favorite computer games from the dots if
you can't wait for bullet time the game
to come out there your games oh I don't
know there's no there's no plans to I
have I have nothing against playing Max
Payne yeah I remember I mean back in the
you know what ps2 days when it came out
I I think I played it a little bit one
thinks you're gonna die Jack I feel like
I'm gonna die so I think they'd be
correcting that assumption I couldn't
you know because I'm not doing very well
here
she keeps I can only do damage with her
when she's inside this pink this purple
circle and she keeps regenerating help
so I feel like I'm gonna die and so I
think people are correct in that
assumption that I'm gonna die like
health potions are some such I have food
that I'm eating I don't know if I have
any health potions look Burger King
diamond says it's hard to remember
actually what heals me regarding the III
spider-man trailer without knowing a lot
about the universe in my n is it
possible that mr. negative could
tombstone like like he could do the
Undertaker's finishing move no I'm
pretty sure it's a different character
from tombstone
yeah tombstone is is is what he's just
kind of an undead slab of marble like it
I haven't read the comics since one more
day but I think mr. negative is a
character that has appeared in the
comics who is not tombstone so
swallow will swallow will heal you over
time yeah that's what I'm eating food
she's oh she's probably Specter
but I'm also like right now I have booze
in my and my stuff and so like I'm
getting as you can see I'm getting it
and as distracting as I find the ugly
white spider the game looks promising
spider-man yeah I saw after the fact I
saw the footage of the Shocker boss
fight and it looked acceptable okay it
wasn't a QuickTime fest nice
can you just run away um no well I mean
I can yes but I might as well die all
right I can do this I can do this I
believe in me okay Jack needs to kill
the wraiths she spawns quickly or she
drains her HP back from that ah okay
yeah I can do this I feel like I can do
this I'm gonna I'm gonna put oil on my
sword first because I forgot about that
yeah there city you know of course like
there's all these tiny little it's all
about preparation video consider your
sink receipts to this game worried like
oh yeah put this oil on your sword it
does more damage to this specific type
of enemy do this do this do this to this
oh that's how I completely forgot how I
shave my swords what did i do there did
I just drink something up fucking hell
fucking hell alright hold on consumables
would come over here
hartree-fock er says sorry if it's been
addressed I don't catch as many streams
as I'd like have you guys seen talked
about upgrade nope
seems like it's right in our LMS
wheelhouse thanks for the great content
I've heard nothing but good things
nothing but good things about upgrade
and yes it does seem like it would be
schlocky good fun
karin is not much of a movie goer okay
i-it's it's it's it's it's a you have a
hard time finding a movie that Karen
won't fall asleep during yeah yeah yeah
yeah she will fall asleep watching
things she wants to see I've got alone
something she doesn't give a shit about
like upgrade I'm sorry rich I've heard
very very good things
isn't upgrade the guy from idiocracy
that was my first thought my first
thought when I heard about upgrade was
is this a sequel to idiocracy that's
supposed to be great it's supposed to be
a really dumb schlocky you know dude
gets you know upgraded superpowers and
done awesome dumb action so it's
supposed to be great is it a matrix tone
with a download knowledge he was brain
and he gets like enhancements and and
all that stuff okay we got to put we got
to put no Specter oil vampire oil cursed
oil beasts necrophagous you necrophagous
or a specter hold on
all right how bestiary here we got
bestiary
she is not a necrophagous Peck tears
that Jenny okay she is a Spectre Jeff
Wallace's jacket rich yep I am writing a
screenplay that will likely draw
comparisons was with one or two other
works that I have never seen but have
similar subject matter what are your
thoughts and if I have an obligation to
watch those other films love the show so
what's what this there's two takes on
this yeah
watch these to get ideas mm-hmm or avoid
watching them so you make your own
vision your own story and without the
influence of something else that's right
call both both both are correct ways to
do it rich because you know one you can
you know it like let's say like you know
you're trying to make a Ghostbusters
ripoff right no way I want to make I
want to make a movie about some slugs
who do some supernatural stuff yeah you
can watch ghostbusters
take some good parts of it and learn
from any mistakes they made obviously
Ghostbusters a pretty damn good movie
but you know you could you could say
like oh I was gonna do it a different
way that would have sucked compared to
how they did it and you can learn some
valuable lessons the other way to do it
you could actually stumble upon a
completely new and better way to do
things by not learning from the old ways
there's a great if anyone has ever read
the book Freakonomics uh-huh there's a
chapter in either the first book or the
second book that talks about the the
world record the world record holder for
most amount of hot dogs eaten yeah
who started who decided he wanted to
join a hot dog eating competition and
he's just like it'd be fun it's lark so
he tried to teach himself how to eat hot
dogs and he started eating hot sort of a
pheasant he didn't figure it out so he
was the first person that decided oh you
know what if I just heat the hotdogs
first then take the buns dip them in
water and eat them separately I can eat
way faster because he wasn't learning
lessons
from other people and trying to copy
other people he found a completely
different way to eat hot dogs quickly
that completely changed how the sport
was played a lot like Moneyball right
right
completely changed how it was done and
so I think you just got to pick a
direction and go man
um I'm the other hand yeah fortnight
what fortnight
it's an incredibly successful game yes
oh so you think they were they were they
were cribben notes they were cribben
notes they also put their own spin on it
yeah so on the other hand fortnight hmm
that's your call I can't tell you what
to do yeah
you Jenny
Janee the woods get out get out tom
Jenny of the woods come here
come into my circle
Jack forgot his potions again I didn't
have any potions what you talking about
I put oil on my sword okay got a deal to
inspectors quickly now is they suck
energy can you move faster please
far as the morality of getting ideas
from other stories like that's just what
art does yeah like that's its art is all
about remix in learning lessons and
taking one thing you like from something
and making it into a whole different
thing absolutely
people are unavoidably influenced by
other things they've seen yeah that's
okay get in my fucking circle
can I come up
David II know people answer your first
question no great and Jack region season
two question mark I just finished it lol
fuck my Denny's hole all right
I just finished Legion season two and
yeah it's good I mean it's still it's
still nice and weird in all the right
places
shit shit I'm gonna die again I got to
figure out this whole potion thing but I
might pull this off
move Oh am i carrying too many things is
that my problem
shit oh I came close that time I can't
close I sent ya Legion season 2 was
great it finally if finally towards the
end it started to get nice and weird
again really really good visuals very
very you know nice characterization
stuff yeah it's good good season overall
okay nice and nice and weird kind of a
kind of an unexpected ending I liked it
well I dig the show I dig the show can't
wait for season 3 saying swallow told
Jack then swallow is the potion name
please swallow is the potion in okay
great
also try using dodge instead of roll
there was a reason why but it scrolled
up but I don't see it
the reason oh it's like prime probably
rolling too far away and so that I okay
I can yeah so there's a separate role in
a Dodge I don't know it's been a while
it's honestly I have 30 plus hours into
the game but it's been months since I
played it so I've lost all of my all of
my mojo all of my muscle memory I think
if you just press a once it's a Dodge
and if you press it twice quickly it's a
roll
do I have to jack level up your
character I know I'm close to a new
level but hold on
B button is dodge a button is roll oh
well then there you go once I realize
dodge was much better I never used roll
much again ah okay let's swallow swallow
I don't see swallow kind of GPU are we
running in the new rig just cheap one
for the purpose of streaming yeah it's
it's a it's an MSI $30.00 GPU it's
adorable
yeah it's about it's about as big as a
deck of cards and it has like a heatsink
built on it no fan it's great yeah it's
a it's it's cute computer was that the
computer were streaming from and I've
been lover playing the game on was was
never intended for gaming right you
already have swallow Jack okay I'm
looking oh okay okay here it is here it
is oh okay great
so it takes swallow and I put it where
my beer is because my beer is not doing
me any good okay
how many bitcoins can it firm 20 if that
what in a year it can it can farm 20 in
a year if that okay I have swallow now
swallow is the first in my thing great
move to hear Dan Jourdan Heerden Haim
this is a thrower game now you know the
Thoresen here dan inferred for GERD all
right we can do this I can beat Jenny of
the woods I believe in me I'm ready I
know what to do now
what does swallow do it adds a generous
tip like a Jinni anyway she's great I
tried not to smile
oh yeah look at that oh that's great
that is just great yeah
where are you
oh man yeah Dodge is way preferable
thanks for the tip dodge the thing we
just go back yeah and it still gets me
out of her reach but it keeps me in my
magic circle because I can only attack
her in the magic circle so it means that
I don't get so far away that she's
unmanageable but I can still dodge can
you only dive back now that matters no I
can't like down inside yeah that's neat
yeah
shit yeah get out of here
get out of here
your most dad I know I'm using swallow
but it doesn't seem to work it's just
slow huh it's just slow yeah you got
this jacket I know you got this I mean
you know I'd like to think that I do did
it jack
who forgotten Vlad and sword who a night
Wraith trophy nice nice
why is your armor red or that icon of
the armor red over on the left side
because damaged you need to prepare your
army yes your weapons and your armor get
damaged time and as they get damaged as
you can see here my armor now has a
negative 3 next to it oh my god you have
to buy these like little repair kits or
if you go into a shop they can repair it
for you but I have these little like
okay yourself you can do it yourself and
you get the amateur repair tools and
yeah it's so-so stuff breaks down oh
yeah I think I got some ooh thorns so
the negative mean you're taking like
more damage than you would without
armors just three less than the armor
normally protects I think it's three
less than the mmm yeah that's what I
would assume I actually don't really
know so this sword is better than my
sword nice great great
I want to switch to that later you know
what let's meditate because I feel like
that's wrong button yeah skip skipping
through the tulips tiptoe through the
tulips let's just meditate for an hour
much better
your armor is so shitty it hurts to wear
you know what I do have better armor but
this one looks doing fashion soles
absolutely you know what that's fine I
have way better armor but this this one
it just looks cool can you not find
better versions of that armor you can
upgrade it okay you can upgrade this
armor I just don't have it upgraded at
the moment to no one GG I know it was on
stay on C and Steam recently but I would
also assume it's on sale oh gee I can't
imagine that it's just like not always
on sale you know yeah because it's it's
old were you the one I got talked to
Jenny of the woods is gone no I know how
to dispatch for good I hit them with my
sword a lot
peaceful yeah
that's a great sound by the way Oh level
12
fuck yeah I dig you know like there this
has a very satisfying little whenever
you complete a quest it's it's very like
you know in Legend of Zelda that like to
do when you open a chests it's just like
ah chest things kind of annoying in
breath of the wild yes buddy you open
them fairly quick and breath of the wild
but in some of them other Zelda's yeah a
little positive reinforcement fucking
chest no I did a thing I heard that I
heard that fucking chest okay let's see
what I got here I got points oh god I
forget what I know that's not what I
wanted
forget what I was doing these be like
the doom glory killed satisfying but
it's quick okay what was I doing
oh I don't remember any of this I know
you keep mentioning that X come to is
free to download for ps4 plus members I
guess I guess if you don't have X come
too that's some good information but I
already own it on a much better platform
so you can stop telling me about it
well I think that what they were hoping
for is much like the fact that X come
one is on super sale on GOG even though
you already own it you talked about that
okay you can you can rent
XCOM 2 on PlayStation Plus that's true
if you are already giving PlayStation
money every month as a perk you can get
X count right that's what they were
hoping for
great I don't remember what any of this
does I'm gonna have to remember because
I have points to spend I'm just you know
what I'm just not gonna spend them right
now that's what I'm gonna say I'll spend
those points later because I just don't
remember FGL is 249 on GOG I didn't see
that as part of this part of the sale
but I guess it is and I already own FTL
on the G oh jeez damn gog love the g oh
geez now I'm near tits with the sales
already I didn't even know that one was
on sale everything's on sale my items
have been enhanced razor blade Hans's
I'm just trying to raise awareness of a
great game bridge yeah and you publicly
shame me and tear me apart like a
chicken wing yeah yeah but it was funny
I don't mean it personally it was funny
and I also raised awareness that it was
available
oh there you go it was you know what
accomplished two things and it was more
about me ripping you to pieces it's far
more memorable than me just say and XCOM
2 is available and PlayStation Plus now
people will remember it because I tore
you a new one for even bringing it up
it's gonna see what this fog is about
how epic are the steam cells they're
frequently epic steam and GOG sails
shower are both frequently very epic she
can afford to do once you don't have
like the cost of manufacturing discs or
anything mm-hmm let's keep it cheap yep
agreed fast travel
sale on all of it yeah it's great
those things are great when they're on
sale that bitties still over here
rich rich doesn't frequently terrorto
chickie chicken wing this cuz they're
usually the buffle ones their bit spicy
for me you're not a spicy not a spicy
person you know I'm okay with chicken
wings in general it's one of chicken
wings are one of the most over rate shit
what that's one of the most overrated
foods ever you know there there are
there are people who are just like oh
this place has the best chicken wings
and chicken wings kind of by design are
just shit food that are covered in sauce
because they're shit food that being
said like I I enjoy spicy foods I like
them a lot yeah you get a good sauce and
it's and it's all good and chicken wings
are also like always incredibly cheap so
right I ain't hatin on no chicken wings
but they're like it I think the price
has gone up
recent years as the chicken buffalo
chicken wings have gotten popular
oh it Sheree's here as it became a thing
as it became a thing yes yeah used to be
had trouble getting rid of place then
somebody said fuck it we'll make a
shitty chain restaurant just ladder them
and crap yeah people love crap people
love getting lathered in crap Buffalo
Wild Wings just the most obnoxious place
to eat
you're absolutely obnoxious agreed
but careful sir
a monster prowls the Vark enter the mist
and you'll never see home again
this monster tell me more only seen it
once myself not from afar and past dusk
no they were a man at first not as
obnoxious as Denny's Denny's is more
depressing right Buffalo Wild Wings is
obnoxious Denny's is depressing
agree a great attack know what happened
then George Webb is pathetic oh hey hey
I will not hear any shit talk on George
Webb's cheap of greasy spoon diners open
24 hours a day as I said they they I
I've spent many a very late night in a
George Webb and it's awesome it's
wonderful hey describe but dozen eggs to
write it up I can help
afraid I'll need more than an ox needs
how much are you willing to pay exactly
oh I've actually never done this before
which you cannot you can apparently
negotiate your pay for killing a monster
ah so here here's like this base rating
see here I want to see how it like lets
what what do I think I think 300 is is a
fairly telling me yeah that you're
enjoying this haggling experience right
now well we're good well because you
told me something much different earlier
in the day this is a different
circumstance this is a difference and
it's also my first time coming across it
uh-huh
but this this is a this is a a branch
off of a much larger game if the entire
game was based around this negotiation
mechanic I would probably be a little
sick of it yes
see if no level was a little too high he
got asked for something more though how
about that honestly yeah if I didn't
know there was a haggle option I would
do it for free because killing monsters
is fun
jedd you'll hear what we have to say
about Rekha tear and moonlighter at a
later date it's true and we have things
we have things to say I should fix my
armor
yeah hey
keoki sometimes I don't know what I'm
doing like blood
oh and sight in total darkness have we
talked about e3 yet no never never
oh really huh oh sorry no that's fine I
have a new quest item
okay
all right it's gonna be a monster here
it's gonna be great
no that's just a stupid drowner
everybody yeah I'll tell you this whole
Dodge thing I have gotten very used to
rolling and yes this dodge is a little
life-changing for you you suck okay
great
can I meditate here more doom trailer
watching the times that I watched a
trailer on stream couple couple
I loved the fucking music I absolutely
loved the music and the way they use the
music there's just so little of it but
hey that's fine that's why you got to
listen to it again and again
listen I'm not gonna hate on you and
your love of the doom trailer I'm glad
you're excited different Karl Marx yes a
few individuals feet here
yes I would not watch the doom eternal
trailer on this laptop muted because the
music is 90% of the reasons to watch the
doom trailers getting interesting
given the give of the program people get
what the program ultimate dead metal
beats that crap music you kids are
listening to oh wow
go listen to some more Taylor Swift
jackass dang rich
first of all taste was pretty good she's
a fine pop musician even if her entire
stick is a horrible insult to all
musicians yeah she writes she sings some
good songs what details that I love most
about the doomed trailer it's just
saying that the new monsters I guess the
the returning monsters from the original
doom to share and I'm intrigued by the
outfit change yeah what is that gonna
mean is that just a new outfit are there
gonna be outfit options is there gonna
be like different armor foods does that
mean they're going all in on the fan
theory that it's the same doom guy from
the original games cuz I'm behind that
as much as I like the traitor armor
mm-hmm yeah it's good armor
it's rich the first doom nerd here's
here's how old I am alright
ai-ai-ai-aight was a fan of the original
Wolfenstein who was looking forward to
the release of doom get out of here no
one in my family gave a shit about
something being r-rated my dad for my
birthday he got me a Wolfenstein 3d hmm
and I was young too young for it from
probably - yeah before and I'm fine
everything was fine
an illusion
and look
this is the best gift I ever got because
I had I had not heard about from Stein
three days before my dad gave it to me
ah and it just blew my young mind sure
sure
like holy shit it's like I'm pulling the
trigger ha ha ha it was it was fucking
intense and I I did not see it coming it
was a complete surprise gift yeah yes
yes probably probably best birthday gift
ever
Wolfenstein yeah well happy Father's Day
did dad played it all if he did I I
didn't see him playing it we did play
the Sierra games together
Reigate bestiary okay so these are neck
these are necro Oh a what was I just
fighting dammit Dragonoid
I was fighting fog a--let's those are
necrophagous
okay see the like and by the way I think
I do think this is a super neat part
about Witcher 3 so you know you got you
got your bestiary right yeah everything
gets you know sorted into columns so
like I was just fighting these guys and
they're pretty tough dudes but I know
now that I can use necrophagous ORD and
it does extra damage and it's yeah like
you it does it it wants you to prepare
for battles it wants you to investigate
and do shit to get ready for battles and
that's so deep alright so if we go to
our oils here who's necrophagous I'm not
taking the bait
people are saying you should save oh I
got no I'm terrible at that I'm terrible
at that rich but you know what I'm sorry
whoa whoa look at him he's got some guts
missing
shit I died it happens yeah but who
knows how long ago I saved or the game
more importantly who knows how long ago
the game saved for me because I haven't
saved in a while I haven't saved since I
haven't manually saved since before the
fight of Ginny of the forest so let's
see oh let's see yeah we go back Oh
let's see how far back we are what
lessons we learned modern gaming has
taught you not to say it's true I think
that's sad
you know it's it's the this is the other
part of me just being out of practice
playing this game because I think you
know when I'm when I'm in the groove I'm
just no to save and I'm honestly not
that far back so I'm not super worried
okay
so let's actually I recently had that
problem with Rekha tear oh it's right
that's part of the problem was I
couldn't find a save option because the
menu was so near and witty yes yeah the
way the way that uh records here is a
very old game it's not that old
I just weirdly programmed it's ten years
old that's an old the grand scheme of
things that still should have had a
better layout button layout it was it
was an indie game it was a ten-year-old
indie game relatively speaking that's in
the realm of old and it's it's unusual
Quinn okay so you are vulnerable to
Quinn and so are you which one's Quinn
Quinn is a protective field okay rich
that game is oldest fuck no Wolfenstein
3ds oldest fuck pong is oldest fuck
pac-man is oldest fuck it's really
record here it's just kind of old yeah
it's a relatively old
puts