Slayer of Orcs! (pt. 1)
July 11, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKlBVHTKWD0

I mean if you want people to see what
game we're playing probably a good idea
could be wish wish wish thing to
iclicker none of those things it's my
boy at the bottom we're why why you'd be
underneath us guess Frank's we're doing
things as we're over there we go alright
alright there we go hello everybody
yes everyone please take note at our
Batman and Catwoman counter which is
still accurate
it's kind of its kind of just everything
we thought just even lazier yes more
more cynical more instead like they
didn't even pretend yeah they didn't
even pretend they were gonna do
something it was just a blatant
publicity stunt
yeah it was just a blatant publicity
stunt they didn't pretend it was a story
you know like back in the day like when
they killed Superman right how long did
it take Superman to come back less than
a year right it's like okay well here
was a big life-changing thing Superman
is dead do it they got two big stories
on it yeah Superman was dead for a while
but it was only those two story arcs
yeah yeah death of a friend the funeral
I got everyone misses Superman
yeah and then return over the Superman
right then it was it they told the story
but they told two stories and nobody
nobody thought that was gonna last right
right but like now we're getting to the
point in comic books where the the big
events is is reversed within the same
issue and that's it's just it's just
it's just
by the way the book is not bad like it's
it's a it's I just I just read spoilers
no and you know like it's a little
heartfelt sports so spoiler alert for
the Batman cat
number of Batman number 50 the wedding
issue Batman
asks Alfred to be his best man to be his
witness adorable right uh-huh that's all
great it does have this nice little like
both perspective thing a ton of
different artists I've been to do art on
the others and that's really neat but at
the end of the Batman gets me Catwoman
decides that and Batman being miserable
is this reason for being Batman yeah
nice and if he's happy he won't fight
crime anymore
yes yes a lot of angsty bullshit it's a
load of horrible angsty bull shit and so
she decides to run away from the
marriage so that Batman can still be
miserable so he can be Batman Batman
first things first that's that's the
whole shebang so I've played this before
but if you haven't seen it there's
actually one of my favorite damn games
works most dying
it's your favorite game one of your
favorite games yeah yeah the weirdo
third person tower defense game yes see
this year this blue thing is a portal to
earth where a bunch of helpless human
beings live and through that door
hundreds of bloodthirsty orcs are going
to try and rush their way hmm
to get to earth no you have to stop them
the blue lines kind of show like the
general paths that the orcs are going to
take and their attempts to eat everyone
on earth
since then I use magic and swords and
arrows and I could place down tress I
couldn't spike traps down and then the
orcs run over the traps and ha ha you've
been spiked yep
haha no I have not played caves of quad
though I did pick it up on the Steam set
so I'm looking forward to playing okay
and and this is the first level so it's
pretty easy can you hurt yourself if you
go over this way for no no you're immune
to all the traps okay unless it explodes
wait no I'm thinking of different game
now you're me and everything okay remove
two all your own traps last thing you'll
ever see
it's great I picked up tapes but yeah
yeah it's been on my cable quote has
been on my my wish list for a while I
know it's still an early access but the
developer who I think I follow on
Twitter had mentioned that this scheme
sale was going to be the lowest price it
was gonna be available for a while and
you know like it's we're getting close
to being out of early access and so you
know we're gonna be charging full price
as soon as we're out of early access so
heads up if you want to support
development and get it as possible five
mountains okay steam sale convinced me
to buy a lot of things times and or call
things out of my wish list because I was
never ever going to buy them yeah even
if they were super cheap
oh yeah that's great
I think that's importantly my wish list
is full of you know random shit yeah
full of random shit
which is fine a little present for you
one for you initiate the next wave or do
they karnataka you initiate the first
wave and then they keep coming like it's
like three waves then you get a break
okay sure
and then you can choose from the next
wave yeah you get as much time as you
want for the first one plus you're
playing on nightmare then there's no
nope sure sure sure
I'm actually seeing Richard you are
in the game music / sound go down up
let's wait until wait until this run
until the wave is over oh yeah this map
they give you a couple free
the intro map they give you a couple
free help yeah eventually it's a good
summer and when you do the dance that
means you you did ahead old perfect
round did the I did the five five star
dance they were doing dances before
fortnight and this is this was ahead of
its time rich just a smidge they're
saying the volume okay
hold on hold up hold up holding on when
did this game come out six years ago wow
it for you in very high pitch I'm not
sure because I'm not sure okay it's a
little bit old at this point you get
this game dirt cheap fun is fuck em the
second one has co-op oh hey and the
sound I think I think we deal with low
music and and normal sound effects
probably there's a lot of sound effects
put the sound on a bearish Marge and the
sound effects now let's try let's try
this okay let's try this
okay this whew that's my aha with the
old man dead in my apprenticeship
finally over I can draw on the full
power of the rift I'll get a new toy
metal house if you sends rich and I a
copy of your comic book we might read it
I probably certainly won't but then by
the way we might also talk about it and
if we don't like it then we'll also talk
about it I think someone has sent us
comic books before and I didn't have
very nice things to say about it that
has happened yes so sometime okay so and
Richard saying he won't I might I know I
won't yeah I know I'm not gonna remember
see I might and I might not have
anything nice to say about it so send
stuff at your own risk
Ejim up a game
come on practice that's alright that's
alright he's still doing a good job
still doing a good job yeah Orcs Must
Die Unchained is the newest one that's
the free-to-play one that's some brandy
garbage microtransactions pay to win I
haven't gotten very deep and I actually
haven't played them all I think I
technically owned it because it's free
to play but I have heard I've heard
nothing but bad things
and the reason the stream title by the
way is keybindings must die because when
I when I got in when I got into the
studio which was which was a big
sourpuss because apparently this game is
kind of difficult to set custom key by
you have to go out of your way to rebind
the keys that you're liking yeah it
looked like a big pain in the ass it was
just one of those things which should be
easy home see ant-man - yet I saw
ant-man - rich Evans did you see ant-man
- no no yeah I'm not many people care
about it I don't think cuz it's ant-man
- not many people cared about ant-man
he's mighty here's my tiny review of a
man - it's alright
I saw this afternoon oh yeah yeah
yeah that's a fruit time took the kids
you know nothing nothing nothing better
to do on a hot summer day then than
going to an air-conditioned movies you
know I'm saying
but that's my that's my review it's
right I love that Paul Rock I won't ever
not love
what's the occasion for playing orcs
perspectives on the report this is one
of the favorite games I love this game
yeah you play this sometimes you play
the games you want oh yeah what's that
okay
apparently critics are cracking the
shits because they made it look like
wasp is also a lead but she does nothing
I thought this was a really good
ensemble movie it's not necessarily
Scott Lang's story it's really more of
Hank Pym and oh god what's her name hope
hope Van Dyne yeah yeah it's really Hank
Pym and hope Van Dyne story and ant-man
comes along but it's it's a solid
ensemble story so no I don't think I
think any critic who says that wasp
isn't at the forefront didn't watch the
movie I guess it's very obvious it's an
ensemble a so I go ahead the rating you
got like like five star ratings yes
coals yeah yeah well rating that's
that's kind of important because you use
that to buy upgrades on the traps you
are Oh point that out yeah do it
point him point it
and you earn traps through just like you
did just levels you get something
something new every level okay another
fortress another riff to defend they
always seem to break through the doors
we should do something I kind of want to
go replay this now kind of rich you've
talked about this game quite a bit
your is kind of in love with this game I
am I do like I like that it's it's a
very unique idea because you know like a
tower defense game is very basic but it
does have that a tower defense game has
that really nice leveling up system you
know like your towers do so much damage
and then eat by killing enemies you get
more points to make your towers more
effective against the stronger enemies a
really nice classic positive
reinforcement right
and so taking that into the into a
shooter like this yes ho potato this is
some kind of hybrid third-person shooter
tower defense game yes that's exactly
what it is and it's amazing if you have
any tips we do young ones as hack frogs
how do I gift games over scheme there is
no email option there should be there
used to be an email option - a gift your
game on Steam and there should be and
then you email it to us prereq at red
letter media com
ah that's fun is that a one-time-use
thing or you can know that one that one
you can redo chandeliers that's a
one-time thing
oh sure as me they took away the email
option I think you have to be friends
with a person to give them now oh well
sorry and I'm both for it's a nice
friendly list is very full if there's a
way you can get like the activation code
then you can email us back I ain't no
scheme ologist that's a total thing
someone who is an expert on all things
steam a professor of Urology oh you won
one still there well it's just you know
you can just tell that you've played
this so much where you knew to put the
sticky trap right off the chandelier
yeah well you just know all those things
about like I got it you know because for
me as a newcomer it's like rich why are
you putting your sticky traps away away
from all your other that seems silly man
but you know what's up
okay bar 5 says I'm sorry this is a
really common question but I just wanted
to say that I really like your beard
jack why'd you decide to shave it
because it's itchy and uncomfortable
that's really it
I thought I could do it I have I had
I've had I've had a much much larger
view and I have no idea how I ever dealt
with it in the past
yeah because I used to have a really
massive feel like you know down to my
chest dude and I had it for quite some
time and
when I tried growing it now I get maybe
like I think I think the last time I
tried to go I got like three weeks of
growth and just wanted to rip my fucking
face on you lost the curb use same time
you shave the head they go hand in hand
yeah pretty close pretty place yeah just
a total hair removal yeah total hair
removal ah I think I first I tried
keeping the beard and just buzzing my
hair but that didn't seem right once it
gets big enough you stop noticing I'm
sure but I don't want to deal with that
I don't want to deal with that itch eNOS
and so yeah just just shave I'm okay
shaving that's a commitment growing a
beard that's just a daily commitment
that I don't want to deal
and I'm gonna heal
consider a Tom Selleck mustache I can
guarantee you that that would be vetoed
immediately by my wife she is she is not
a mustache man but she done with the
beer she did deal with the beard she was
she she knew it was important to me I
guess but I think if I try to grow just
a mustache she would shut that down
which I'd be okay with I think also it
would make me look really weird bald
head mutt big ol monster maybe I'll do
that for like a Halloween one year I'll
just grow a big mustache and and see how
it looks under the guise of a Halloween
bang
or I'll like I'll make a video and in
the video like I'll Mead I'll have a
character that is heaven
oh and I gotta grow it out for a video
with you and that'll be like my my my
way - nice nice it's always nice when
you do the perfect dance well yes that's
what you're hoping yeah the perfect
dance bald but mutton chops I used to
have fun traps a friend of mine found a
picture I grew these ridiculous
sideburns they went down here back in
the day they found a picture of me with
these ridiculous ideas just sideburns
back when I had hair and I had big sigh
grew up in the 70s I know know when I
see this picture and you know my friends
are of course laughing I mean I said how
does they as they should be how did you
ever let me get away with these
ridiculous sideburns and they of course
said well you didn't really get away
with them when I was like well then why
didn't you tell me
Jack you could look like an old-timey
boxer there you go that would be great
so what do we do with the Batman
Catwoman marriage killer now suing just
has to go yeah it's just gonna go
I thought we'd leave it up at least for
this dream just to hey just to talk
about Joe but yeah it'll just go
unfortunately how could anybody take any
relationship in a comic book seriously
it's all doomed to failure
well any air every love interest of the
comic book no it's not gonna happen yeah
nah not just love interest for it so
this goes what just just throwing him an
acid now I like it not just love
interest this is just general character
growth like how can you how can you read
any comic book and just expect a
caricature to not be that same version
of change
it's the eliminate it's been a thing
that's what they call it it's got a name
the illusion isn't claimed in like the
70s by Marvel I think oh yeah by one of
their one of their big writers I forgot
I forgot who I mean it makes a ton of
sense because yes that's that's it's
it's a sham the whole the whole comic
the the whole in the whole character
story thing is a complete sham let's say
I want to say Roy Thomas said it okay
when he was writing for Avengers
talked about the illusion of change yeah
you need to pretend that your characters
are evolving but in really in reality
they're the exact same yeah nothing's
changed nothing is really changing right
there's no there's no growth yeah yeah
and that's a shame that's a shame
as you know as their as their fan base
grows grows older and are at it's great
hovering them and putting them in front
of the trap you gotta have some fun okay
these are these early waves you get
bored if you don't just mess around with
them it's a champ you know like they're
their fan base is growing older their
fan bases lives are changing and it
would be great if you know characters
could reflect a little bit I thought the
whole point of the Ultimate Universe was
now you got your young versions of the
characters yes we could take the classic
characters and do things with them no
that that would be that would be the
perfect opportunity yeah I thought that
was the whole point of a separate comic
book series for the young Peter Parker I
thought that was the point they could
have been it could have been it well and
I suppose technically speaking what
Peter is at a different point in his
life now cuz he's a captain of industry
and whatnot he's no longer I think he's
lost that business illusion of change -
yeah rich damn it they've already
they've already done away with that
they've already done away with him
having his own business
yeah successful business I read up on
the local PD because I was curious bitch
I was curious I read up on this it's
gone it's all gone man give him get let
him do something man he's working you
know he's working through the Daily
Bugle again
oh fuck you that's dude that's just what
I want 50-year old Peter Parker hips are
going bad still a photographer you know
struggling to make rent in a relevant
industry that's exactly what I want for
my superhero fantasy
yeah I guess dang it - dang it
yeah Peter Parker you know applying for
his Social Security money while while
still you know trying to get pictures of
spider-man he's had about 40 years worth
of adventure but he's 22 of course of
course
this isn't the same universe where he
had his own business for a while and he
was doctor doctor our twist for a while
he's 22 yeah Peter Parker has to always
be a struggling motherfucker
yes that's why I say fuck you to most
marvel comics like see this is why the
ultimate universe of wasting but you get
they could have had their cake and a
tattoo of course see you start fresh you
hit the reset button with the ultimate
universe and hey you got we got a kid
Peter Parker again still struggling
still figuring stuff out right yeah or
oh gosh you start to get a new hero get
that you get that Miss Marvel she's the
new young hero who struggle in figuring
it out look what spider-man you know
being established Kiera moving on with
his life trying to try to juggle
you know relation you know marriage
maybe you know kind of a mentor figure
to a new generation wouldn't that
wouldn't that be amazing you know maybe
he's got a kid and he's guy he's got to
be like you know Incredibles kind of
situation you got to be a parent and a
superhero but no that way it would be
fun because you would have the ultimate
universe yes what know young and good
stuff either of course but you know the
Incredibles isn't very popular so I know
we're successful so I guess we wouldn't
want to do that I don't want to deny
kids sweat enough no I know I don't I'm
wicked fighting with a lot of Spidey
meant a lot to me when I was like 14
I'm with you know I know you know what I
really enjoyed the ultimate universe
because that was a universe that I could
be in on the ground or work you know
yeah and you know as a as a teenager
when the ultimate universe came out are
they was relevant to me I even though
his old computer partner was but oh hey
this is a great new batch of stories
these are this is relevant to my
interests does miss Marvel have a breast
window no you're thinking of Power Girl
yes you're thinking of Power Girl from
the DC Universe well as a girl as a
woman power woman I just buy things girl
things Power Girl yeah who's actually
alternate universe super girl alternate
universe super girl who has the boob
window according to DC to let more Sun
hit her skin so she's more powerful you
see you know what it's fine if she just
has that as a distraction for bad guys
make it a little lower like hold on guys
that we're going into battle I got a
really wedge this thing down where is
there anything wrong with a superhero
who just likes being sexy no okay
in fact that isn't that one of them
that's one of Wonder Woman he's defining
traits is she's just like looking good
yeah that's why Wonder Woman wears the
outfit she wears cuz she likes to feel
good look good shit I know this ain't
good armor I just like to look good and
ain't nothing wrong with that just to
show it off and that he is the
overpowered DLC weapon here who the Oh
The Alchemist is the alchemist satchel
which is place acid bombs then remotely
detonate yeah oh nice a comically
effective and it probably shouldn't be
in the game that's fine that's fine do
it
do what you got to do rich do what you
got to do
tired and sad says what are your guys
has thoughts on the greenlit standalone
Joker film starring Joaquin Phoenix is
this the first major sign they're
disbanding the DC I don't have any
thoughts I have no thoughts
Joaquin Phoenix a Joaquin Phoenix is a
fine actor yeah I think he's a good
actor he's been good in many things
that's literally my own thought because
we don't know anything yet oh Jesus
Christ
yeah just most enemies we're relatively
cheap it just just melts everyone you
know white area
it's a cool let's go bomb though how
many do you get of them to get infinite
of them yeah oh my god well your magic
has to recharge before you can use them
too much yeah that's ridiculous that's
ridiculous the m5
oh well then then you're fine that's
great that's great tired and sad says to
add to my earlier question
besides Wonder Woman too and Aquaman
which hour in production are the rest of
the future DC EU films just a vapor
we're at this point no idea they've been
they've been stubborn they have it you
know they have absolutely stubborn right
they've been very very stubborn very
easy for them to get just pasture yeah
when I know with with kind of even worse
than expected box office for justices
Josh Wheaton got his Batgirl may be
taken away even even though it was in no
way his fault but he's not getting his
Batgirl anymore I don't know what to
tell you I don't know what can be done
burn it all burn it all I just don't I
just don't care Wonder Woman to is
probably going to be good you know
same same team coming back for one of
them - I like - Wonder Woman gonna do
fine it's gonna be great maybe have a
slightly less Zack Snyder interfere him
so you know no no a CG boss battle at
the end of it that could be great
Kristen Wiig as cheat ah
yeah okay you're just showing off at
this point yeah yeah place the bomb now
I'm just gonna wait for more people yeah
great those bombs cost money no
professor Carr Joss Whedon isn't a
creeper he's just an adulterer that
doesn't necessarily make him a creeper
just unfaithful to consensual sex just
with somebody other than his wife right
very very different Zack Snyder quit the
DC well and I think he's still
technically like in a in a producer type
role for the DCAU but he has stepped
down due to family due to his family
situation but I do believe that he's
still on board and a produce folio
more archers more archers hurry up you
fuck Zack Snyder was quitted he stepped
down
DC accepted his resignation whether he
tendered his resignation is yet to be is
yet to do fuck but DC is certainly
accepted
Oh God that was close almost got one
through
fuck that one up what happened
hi what a zoo guys got behind me and I
had to divert my intention to stop him
before I got to the gauge as I was doing
that I wasn't killing the huge horde um
by my prayer trips and they got past
it's hard traps some waves started
coming at me and they got they were
passed where my archers could shoot at
them and it was an old fuck and it was
then it was oh fuck it very quickly
became oh fuck and it very quickly
became oh fuck why did I stop throwing
acid bombs because it feels cheap
it's a DLC item it's not with the base
game I just kind of wanted to show
everyone basically oh well and it's
incredibly over power yeah yeah
especially like in these hallways where
you could just throw one and kill I mean
you can fight kill what a dozen dudes I
don't like using it yeah agreed
you're going you're going you're going
for a true victory here not a cheap and
easy win right rich Evans ain't no
cheese head that's true yeah that's a
true statement about me in many senses
you are no cheese head fuck the Packers
fuck them to death
there you go mango house D&D; going ah we
didi has been going great
I've almost done writing up my new
campaign but in the meantime we've been
playing a lot of my kids have been
writing their own campaign and they love
it yeah they love just writing their own
like okay this is part 7 of this and you
know like they they write a little
dungeon it's great we've been having
we've been having a ton of fun helping
them break for tea oh no I'm just ready
for the fun out of it so so we've been
playing a lot of my kidses campaigns
which has been great because I get to be
on the player side a little bit and that
helps give me some ideas going on the
inside I have we had a really fun thing
happen was it it was last Friday I think
we were we were playing my youngest
wrote up a simple simple easy campaign
and I play as a as a half-orc monk and
so I was like I'm a big brawler kungfu
guy right and whenever I attack you know
I can use weapons but I do a lot of
fisticuffs attack I have to describe how
I'm attacking the enemy right right and
so like you know I'm describing how I'm
attacking this we oh we were fighting
robots because of course we're like why
not right
Oh cuz we got teleported to the future
and we had to fight robots and that was
great
and so we're fighting robots and I'm
describing how I'm attacking the robots
and I say well I'm gonna jump up and I'm
gonna do a flying elbows right and I'm
gonna I'm gonna give him a flying elbow
right to his robot skull and okay roll
well to see how you do with that and I
roll a one which is a pretty cool thing
and so something you know the kids know
the rules critical fail something bad
and so the bad thing that happened to me
was that I broke my arm in several
places
oh god that's what that's what my
seven-year-old dungeon master decided
happened to me he say you broke your arm
you can no longer use it I was like
holding a shield that helped protect me
he's hardcore at night oh yeah oh yeah
well he just you know he wants to mess
you up which is great you know like
that's that's great on him he's playing
the game oh he wants to play it and so
you know another wave of bad guys is
coming in and my arm is broken and I
like I'm a fighter I can't use my arm
like you know we started talking about
how I can heal it and so I just say okay
fuck it I rip off my arm you told your
kid fuck I said fuck it that's what I
said to my seven-year-old right no I
just say okay here's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna rip off my own arm and use it
as a weapon Jack what what did you think
what happened
I could beaten a couple robots at this
point robots are just regular enemies
there's just metal yeah well but I'm an
orc some fresh okay oh you know what
that's fine so pretty strong okay so I
tell him I like I'm gonna rip off my arm
and use my big orc arm as a claw and
this you know this is the the
seven-year-old is the one that's super
into like you know he loves it when I
play Friday the 13th he's super into
monster movies he's big fan of blood and
guts yeah and so this just made his day
he's like all right you rip off your arm
give me a strength roll I'm like ok
strength roll on it
I roll strength and like to his credit
as a DM he says okay you're able to rip
up rip off your arm but it does one
point of damage yeah because you've
ripped off your arm and I'm like great
great and so I'm able to rip off my arm
and I start using my arm as a club on
the robots and and that's what I did for
the rest of the that's what I did for
the rest of the campaign is I used my
own arm as a club and they're like do
you wanna do you wanna you know put that
arm back on me maybe try to heal that up
and I was like nope this is my weapon
now my arm is a closed very work of you
yeah those I thought that was very good
me I was having a good time having a
good old time on the
on the clear front of it and I've come
up with a couple meets a couple neat
things to do for my next campaign which
is the boys have been watching you play
a bit of that of The Witcher and
something that they've been enjoying
while watching me play The Witcher is
seeing me track down the monsters you
know like you get to use your your
Batman sends your richer sense yeah you
look for footprints and you look for you
know blood here and there and so I've
created a little side quest for them
where they can do that you know like
there's gonna be footprints and blood
tracks where they can hunt down a
monster and I think they're really gonna
enjoy that
Jack sounds like a nerdy wonder why
decals I wonder why Jack sounds like
nerve it's the who knows
but yeah I know we're having we're
having a great time and and really like
all the the biggest problem we're having
B&B; wise is figuring out who gets to run
the next campaign because like the kids
have so many ideas for stuff they want
they want to do in worlds to build and
so it's just like well it's not you know
now it's gonna be your turn next it'll
be your turn I want to go again so I get
I get next turn which is a great way to
do this game has me thinking is there a
home alone themed tower defense game
that would be great it would be great
some some artificial intelligence Bert
oh no you know what home alone
battle royale style you have one you
know or online multiple like like one
versus for one person who sets up the
traps in the house and then like four
burglars who try to break in the house
to get the treasure
hmm and then you know you have your
Kevin McAllister spring is setting up
the traps spring in traps and
improvising as they go you get a BB gun
yeah yeah so you mean uh asymmetrical a
multiplayer game oh that's a better way
to put in yeah well you know you spin it
battle royale cuz that's how you get
someone to make it because that's what's
popular oh oh I got it rich micro battle
royale that's what we call it okay you
know what that's fine twin micro battle
royale because that's how you get it
published you know or no one's gonna no
one's gonna take you seriously unless
you use the right
but yeah that could be a lot of fun a
home alone themed game like this where
you have different traps you set up and
then other people try to break in the
house to get at the treasure the money
there's a money yeah a little Friday the
13th ish nothing wrong with that no no
it could be fun it could be real fun
whether these sprinklers since your fun
shoot him into acid yeah that's great
the kids are living the best time right
now Jack because when they get to high
school DMV and so many other things that
are classically nerdy have become
ironically cool I mean as long as
they're having fun if it's are even with
ironic Lum
Oh Shh what happened nothing I'm just I
forgot to lock this side off
I just gotta come to bite me in the ass
okay there you go there you go
yeah we know we have a couple other
friends that we're trying to get into
the whole TV thing just so you know the
kids can can have other kids to play
with and so they can start their own
thing because that's for real hope with
anything parent wise is give them given
the tools and have them go off on their
own wait what happened I'm just okay
they need at least one path to get to
the rift but otherwise they don't break
down if you completely block off the
rift they'll just start mocking all of
your barricades down right but if you
can barricade but I want to barricade
one side so you'll need to worry about
defending one amp of course of course
Jax speaking of non-digital games did
you see that Edmund McMillen is doing a
four player card game based on Isaac
that he's kick-starting not only have I
seen it apparently enough people have
seen it it's it's raised over a million
dollars at this point it's doing
fantastic and I of course backed the
Kickstarter
we're gonna try to see if we can get a
Edmond on the stream again so we can
talk about the game we're gonna try to
schedule something with them which would
be really neat I'm super excited to to
play the card game that's gonna leave a
mark
hopefully you know it gives it brings
the same amount of joy and replayability
that the video game has given me it's
called it's called Binding of Isaac for
souls and I think you can go to for
souls dot-com someone give me the
correct URL and learn all about the game
it's being kick-started now the
Kickstarter is still going for like a
week and a half maybe two weeks so it's
doing great it's gonna be back - it
looks really neat and I keep adding new
stuff you tears new things
what
that's not it
I look up this domain name sloughing yes
I do have caves applaud I haven't played
it in I know everyone's talking about
caves equip right now fantastic
you're not doing fantastic I'm not on my
a game
I'm on the B game
well there you go well I sure will I
stream what caves
okay zoo cut yeah as soon as I know how
to play it and I'll stream it it's gonna
take a little bit for me to you know
just figure out how to play it official
website here
I've been bouncing what I thought it's a
good
then I watched the end of West Road I
have nots I've watched everything except
for the finale because the finale is two
hours on and who has the time
Schumi season and not series season
finale
yeah sorry did I say season I just
wasn't sure wait wait was phrase I know
episode
oh yeah the the season finale is out now
and I have not I've not watched it but
I've watched everything but the finale
and good show Good Old West world
one of these days one of these days I'll
be able to watch it we've been going
through the Jurassic Park movies with
the kids and that's that's been our our
priority number one is just watching as
many dress at Park movies as we can
because the children being the children
they actually they like the the second
one a little more because more people
got eaten I mean it's bad it's not like
terrible bad I don't know if I've ever
seen this like liking a second job or
dinner first because more people get
eaten yeah it's not the worst I mean you
know sharks got a scar second one yeah
sharks awesome the shark is legitimately
cooler in the second that's true have
you heard of dragon raid a Christian
fundamentalist version of D&D; whoa I
mean sounds awesome
sounds like something I'd be super into
second one goes fully done within
gymnastic starts I'd argue it goes fully
gentleman before the gymnastics second
one goes fully dumb when apparently Jeff
Goldblum decided not to care he's
phoning it in for the entire movie was
having a second island particularly
makes sense the the way it's presented
in the movie at least is you know one
Idol Island to make them and then one
island to show them off you know though
it makes sense like you know you don't
prepare the food in the dining room
you got a kitchen in the dining room you
have a separate section of the island
seems really expensive to run - dinosaur
islands one you're not making any ticket
sales off of that just seems it wasteful
I mean you're talking about someone who
has enough money to buy an island in the
first place I think you know but at that
point why not buy a second one
what do they say in contacts
why why build one when you can build two
for twice the cost want to go for a ride
so your strategy of walling off one
entrance yeah are we gonna are we gonna
consider that cheese no some of the
label you kind of have to at some points
in this game
sure just just strategy yeah
contacts started off really strong man I
like a lot of contacts we I think we've
talked about contact before I like a
whole lot of contact but that ending who
dog the the end of your wonderful
science fiction movie is sometimes you
gotta have faith you have a the man who
wrote them yeah Sagan I was trying to
appeal to people who have faced their
faith and make science appealing to them
rather than the enemy that needs to be
destroyed
yes I'm sure it was done very
deliberately you know oh I'm sure it was
I'm just saying narrative Lee as a movie
experienced it it uh it doesn't flow it
does this
be a little bit all right that's all
stuff okay or two minutes is jack the
secrets are getting past that initial
itchiness is head and shoulders in the
beard or beard or if you want to be like
Josh but that's not necessary it's just
dry skin before your beard starts oil
itself like the hair on your head could
it just sit it'd be bad lack thereof I
think even if I grew my hair out of an
edge it's just not worth it
uncomfortable beardless even though
shaving can be having a spiritual man
who blades science unlock the mysteries
of creation also the ending looked a lot
better as a book that I could see
that I could see oh that reminds that
reminds me speaking of a book I have I
have a very important question to ask
everyone and we'll talk to rich about
this as soon as this level is over
because this is very intense level but
with a chat remember later to talk about
Kevin Costner got gobbledygook who says
thinking of buying so path traveller
collector edition for the switch vervet
do you guys have any collector edition
anything there are anything you've sold
for more than you paid the collector's
edition of DC Universe Online for the
ps3 is on eBay for $80 new Fox I don't
so much
yeah yeah your your your a whole Dharana
I I will sell anything if I think I'm
done with it yeah there's a few things
that I I won't part with in fear that I
will never have a better version of like
you know movie that's very important to
me of course I think I have I think I
have three different versions of quarks
in my DVD collection
because you know just in case just in
case I want to watch that one version
that has that one cut on it
clean-up on aisle three and he found
something movie signs it says humberto
Cabot craft I really enjoyed it and
believe it's unfairly lumped in with
other ignites other bad movies I don't
have strong thoughts in science
I just think it kind of shit's defend I
think it's it's it's really strong like
it like all of em Knights movies it
starts off I'm really strong visually no
we have a super neat mystery and and
this this creepy unknown entity and then
as soon as we know the entity we get all
the information and it's dealt with
really easy and it was really just
unsatisfying ending so just you know
it's fine
it's it most of it is is really good but
I think it's I think it's lumped in
correctly with stuff like the village or
like what was the earth day what was the
mark walberg got to have enough prepare
what it's called any in the water lady
in the water the Mark Wahlberg one were
where the the earth is trying to kill
everyone
the happening thank you who Thank You
Chad
the happening where were you know like M
night has such a strong I fulfillment
he's really good at visual storytelling
him and you know doling out information
and slow verses but then he feels this
we need like with his first successful
movie to lump in this twist at the end
that'll explain everything and and it
kind of messes up the the beauty of of
the rest of his movie and I think he's
kind of learned his lesson I think
forget all the stuff always his new
movie called chat you're gonna know it
you're gonna say it split you're on it
like split I think was was had that same
bad quality to it where he like it's a
very strong visual story and a really
interesting premise but then at the end
the thing was split though is it's just
a tiny turn just a tiny turd comes out
unlike signs which completely shift back
different levels
I'm sorry that's what it's all about
no split was not bad at all I it got a
little without spoiling without trying
not to spoil there there's that one
moment at the end not the end end but
you know is it a good movie if it
requires a spoiler to be interesting
well I you know me Bert I don't like any
sports in so I'm just trying to save
people who are like me and don't like
any spoilers even even if the movie
doesn't require it like like ant-man
like there's no spoilers to ant-man but
I just like going into movies without
knowing anything personally that's just
that that's a preference there was a
recent Peter Gunn code probably on the
twits term that Peter goes yeah who's
Peter James James Gunn thank you the
Peter Gunz the the old TV show okay
James Gunn was talking yeah the spoiler
ruins your movie they made a bad movie I
can see that I'm fine with that it's my
personal preference to go into a movie
which is where information sure awesome
I could be down with that
split was good james mcavoy is great and
Anya Taylor Thomas is what I want to say
her name is the lady from the which is
fantastic and she needs a there there
should be an Academy Award just for
reaction shots because anytime you cut
to her face it was brilliant and she did
a great job
Anja Taylor joy but uh the point is
splits is mostly really good I liked a
lot of there was one slightly I Rolie
moment near the end but other than that
I thought it was a good one and really
show my fucking archers for me most of
split was spoiled before I self yeah the
the main premise of split was far out
before I saw it and I still enjoyed it
even though I would have looking back I
think I would have enjoyed it more had I
not known this but ya know and I know
glass is supposed to be coming out we
get James McAvoy we get samuel l.jackson
we get Bruce Willis back
I like I'm breaking that's a good that's
a quality break
Oh even on Taylor joy returns in class
oh that's great
she's great I hope she acts forever I
think she's a fantastic actress I'm a
little bit through no how do you know
and the score at the top twenty four oh
no very very sorry
ruin ruined
everything's ruined that's not the
that's not the perfect dance right there
it's a good just dance you still dance
yeah
they're trying to get you to save scum
if you can make it brief slay the level
but fail-safes go but you know what was
I gonna say on a Taylor Joy the her her
mutant horror movie it was maybe she'll
every time New Mutants it's like okay
they were they were gonna turn more they
were gonna make it they were gonna make
a horror movie things rich Evans doesn't
give things rich Evans doesn't give a
shit about it too high it's a horror
movie
it's basically like mutants and their
powers turn it into a horror movie and
it looked interesting but it's possibly
been shelved because of the Disney
New Mutants yes did the merger go
through possibly still me I think it
still needs to be approved by something
or someone and that's too bad because
that actually looked like an interesting
movie like they were going to have some
fun with us on Raw and their movements
but no they didn't they didn't
officially shelled it it things are
things are being considered and you know
like we organized while the merger
happens which many people believe means
that it's being shelved talked about
Steve Ditko's death Steve Ditko died it
was 90 so it's in the area where it's
not shocking and but it's sad and
obviously just a legendary comic yeah
you know what it what else get best
known for creating Squirrel Girl of
course and only that yeah but you know
Nell City create oh good times I don't
know I just don't know right okay
he - thinking you would say spider-man
and I would go what oh and I kept like I
was I was delaying to think of another
really minor okay mister a right
something like that like like he do you
know dumb you know he did an early draft
of Cyclops drum completely wrong though
gave him two eyes
I couldn't I just could not think of
another minor character in time so I
ruined the joke I've heard doing the
original Kirby design for spider-man was
weird
had like a a web gun oh yeah I liked it
OOP at seawalker like that would have
been the perfect answer Gino suave is
like at well you know like a lot of
people know he created Squirrel Girl but
did you know he created Patsy Walker
like that that would have been the
perfect one five minutes ago just edit
that together like I just said
people do like school
yeah
which is a very popular color she
started off as a joke though I mean oh
yeah I mean she's still kind of a joke
but the joke is it now it is it's an
earnest joke
who the fuck is Patsy Walker she's
Hellcats
aka Jessica Jones's friend in Jessica
Jones which is why most people would he
know of her which is why I would have
been a funny joke Steve Ditko most
well-known for making Patsy for creating
Patsy Walker yeah I'm done Kevin Costner
yes rich yeah why do I give a shit about
Kevin Costner I would like I would like
to test a theory do you remember the
first time you saw Robin Hood Prince of
Thieves
I remember seeing it I don't remember
necessarily the first you did you
remember like like did you see it what
was it like having in a theatre you
probably saw it on - did you see ever
see it like on TV did you rent it or
watch it a friend's house no no that I
don't think I've done I think I'm I
think I've just okay okay
so I come home from stream the stream
last week to a very unusual sight yeah
Lisa is sitting on the couch watching
the end of the postman oh yeah why are
you watching the post hysterical it's
right it's so many teenage kids killed
in that movie it just keeps doing it he
doesn't stop getting teenagers till he
gets all the kids killed and I'm just
like why are you watching this movie
it's notoriously bad and she's like oh I
didn't know that but yeah it's really
bad guys she just got done reading the
book not too long ago and was looking
for stuff to look it's based off of oh
my god and she's like she's like oh you
know I never heard of this the postman
movie and and I just got done reading
the book and it was pretty good and I
was wondering how they'd handle some of
the stuff so I thought I'd watch the
movie and oh man it's not it's not a
good movie Tom Petty not in the book
version Wow surprising playing himself
you're famous man and so you know we
it's it's just a weird sight for me to
come home to write like you're watching
the postman why are you watching the
postman which is a terrible terrible
movie it's just pure kevin costner ego
and laziness it's terrible but that gets
me thinking watching the postman created
a sense memory in me and I start telling
Lisa the story of the first time I saw
Robin Hood Prince of Thieves
yeah oh you know I'm getting a flashback
to watching Robin Hood Prince of Thieves
it was back when I was living in this
neighborhood we had this house that was
kind of on the tail end of a suburban
community right like the suburbs that we
had a house it wasn't in the suburbs but
like our backyard
touch to the backyard
right okay and so you know there is
there some kids in the suburbs every
play with every once in a while and one
of them was like a heavy-metal kid I
remember he was like I had like you know
black jeans mohawk Metallica t-shirts
like a super heavy metal kid and I
didn't really hang out with him very
much but he was part of the general like
the kids in the suburbs right and the
only time I ever hung out with this
metal kid alone he had me come over to
his house to watch Robin Hood Prince of
Thieves
so I go over to his house and in his
living room and I just remember this
being a comically small living room like
it felt it felt like we were in a galley
kitchen just like a small hallway live
living room right and on his very small
TV watching Robin Hood Prince of Thieves
on VHS right and and like the sense
memory was coming back to me he's just
just clear as day like me being and I
was like and and yeah you know the other
weird thing about this is that was the
only time I ever hung out with that kid
and I don't even think I saw him
afterwards I didn't mean I didn't see
this kid after we saw Robin Hood Prince
of Thieves on his very small TV in his
very small living room right right I
know and I'm telling Lisa the story I'm
just like oh what a weird sense memory
that just came back to me and she looks
at me as if I
she just saw a ghost and she goes okay
so here's something here when I was a
kid there were these holy school kids in
our neighborhood and the only time
ever hung out with them they had me come
over to their house and we watched Robin
Hood Prince eat foods on their very
small TV and I never saw them again
after work and so it was this exact same
situation happening completely separate
from this was you know a decade before
Lisa and I would meet the years before
Lisa neither needs same situation or
same people sit in the same situation
different people in all in all cases and
put the exact same situation the only
time we ever hung out with these kids we
never hang out with was watching Robin
Hood Kentucky that settles it Jack out
Israel it's settled check fate atheists
well no so just it just got us thinking
I mean obviously that was a very popular
movie at the time and you know you have
friends over you're not really sure what
to do you pop on a movie like so it
really does make sense in the context of
things but it was just such a weirdly
specific situation to happen to both of
us
that I wanted to share that with anyone
to see if anyone else had that exact
same situation happened to them and then
maybe maybe it never happened to any of
us and that was like a test that aliens
gave to humans after they abducted them
to cover up their abduction they made it
seem like you watched Robin Hood Prince
of Thieves
and that's what they were using to cover
up their affection and you never saw
this kid again I never saw this kid
again and your wife never saw the people
she never saw those kids again
last time you saw your wife you just
watched Robin with your wife no we wants
to post me okay no run so you didn't you
didn't go to watch Robin Hood after that
or oh no no yeah you can't do it now no
cause if we're dangerous if we want
Robin Hood Prince of Thieves together
we'll never see each other that's
exactly what's going to happen I have no
doubt in my mind exactly yeah I'm Chuck
Fox I'm thinking too implanted memories
from being abducted by aliens and they
did their experiments and then they put
into our heads they grabbed some random
people like oh you know statistically
they'll never hang out with this kid
again this is a popular movie at the
time boom boom boom the postman was not
a decent movie Joey Belladonna that's
true the postman is not a decent movie
in fact it's a very bad music terrible
yeah it's great
I want to say we watch that for a bad
movie night here I wasn't around you
might not have said I think we did but I
laughed hysterically in the theater it's
terrible it's a terrible movie
the postman yeah yeah yeah
thoughts on aliens big universe there
are almost certainly aliens out there
but I I don't necessarily believe that
they're landing on earth with flying
crash yeah I mean III think the the
easiest thing to say is currently there
is no solid evidence that there is maybe
they have maybe the oh yeah I have not
seen any incredible evidence right and
that's it's like you know it'd be neat
if they existed maybe if they were nice
but but there's just no there's no solid
evidence
oh I've never seen water world but I've
seen seen the stunt show at Universal
Studios twice Waterworld is a good movie
I like Waterworld I'm gonna I'm gonna
straight-up defend Waterworld it's you
know what it's it's a bit of schlock but
fun just a fun dumb movie man nice
sci-fi sci-fi II premise I like it I'll
defend Waterworld dry land is not a myth
jack is crazy now I'll defend Waterworld
it's it's dumb fun schlock defending it
tired and Sansa Jack I've started
watching the Fargo TV series seasons 1 &
2 are absolutely perfect and wonderful
season three's villain though is too
omnipotent and powerful for an otherwise
realistic show sure villain 1 in Fargo
knows he's just he's a very competent
villain
there's a villain in Fargo season 3 that
is competent to the point of being
unrealistic I have high standards for
the word omnipotent that mean that word
means something goddamn but well he's a
villain who who has his shit together so
much where you might even call it
omnipotent you know what I'm saying okay
oh you know it's Batman's I've planned
for everything kind of kind of situation
but I mean they're all still I I think
Fargo's I think all three seasons are
very good overall but I would rank them
in order of seasons season 1 is the best
season 2 is pretty good season 3 is
pretty good but not as good as season 1
that's that's how outrank Fargo in my
opinion
that was fun
even McGregor is the best parts of
season three I mean he's a fantastic
actor absolutely absolutely sometimes I
almost feel bad for the orcs except not
really
it's accrued of Dennis from It's Always
Sunny is in the Fargo TV show not Dennis
Mac Mac is in is in the Fargo TV show
he's in season 3 just happened
step right this way
yep key and Peele were in season 1 Oh is
Dennis in season 2
you shame dennis is in season 1 I can
all I don't necessarily remember
but Mack is in season three and he's
great
do you like Fargo because you're from
the Upper Midwest no Fargo the movie and
what you know most of the TV show does
this really has this really great bit
where it blends calm Midwestern living
with hyper violence and that's a
beautiful bit Wisconsin does have the
strange state pride thing though which
makes absolutely no fucking sense to me
I mean Wisconsin this is on the label
for everything we love the state
Wisconsin number one and growing up near
Chicago that that doesn't like Illinois
is the best that does that attitude
doesn't exist there's no like Chicago is
the best or anything like that and
that's really oh I guess you know
growing up here I just assumed every
state had that like yeah the state I
grew up in is the best cuz we do the
best thing
I mean Karen we're talking about this we
look up like I was like the state's I
would like in order like the states at
the most and least amount of state pride
okay Illinois's like near the bottom
okay and Wisconsin cuz it's cuz I'm I'm
used to like no state pride it's
actually somewhere in the middle okay
oh that is really weird to me Ivy I'd
assume like it's just a fuck a place you
live I'd assume New York is like number
one or boss oh no no I'll tell you
what's number one those number Texas oh
you're right
oh I didn't even think about it because
it's such a gene I don't remember what
officially it is but I bet you it was
Texas yep you know you are absolutely
correct that is the correct answer
yeah you know like we especially I think
when you sell like you know where the or
the dairy state right and so like you
that pride just comes in because you're
trying to sell your shit
and say like my state's the number one
we got shit to sell we make the number
one shit buy our shit so I think state
pride comes from a little bit of that
from wanting to hock your wares
for Scottie we're not Minnesota yeah you
know we got cheese we got cheese and
beer and we're very proud of that but
really we're proud of that because we
want you to buy our cheese and beer
which is very tasty
we don't have legal pot yet razorblade
hat I believe I believe that they're
trying to get that on the ballot for
November the ballot I want the ballot of
legalized pot that is exactly what I
said
and yeah you meant it and I meant it
because I guarantee you someone has
written a ballad for legalized pot I
guarantee you those Wisconsin border
Canada a bit yeah the the upper bit of
one of the lakes is up is blocking our
way to Canada but there's a bit of us
that touches Canada yeah
Wisconsin needs marijuana cheese once
you put it that way see you should be
doing the you should be doing the
selling of this ballot initiative
what does Wisconsin think of the Upper
Peninsula the U P as we call it here
bunch of Yoopers that's what we call
them so you called you pers I just call
them people who don't live near here I
don't have a name for it
you pers you've been granted Weaver's
yeah what do they do
I'll show you they're like you
cheerleaders no okay my spine was the
worst kind of stools they sent their
best and brightest to learn from other
majors I got the bottom of the barrel
you're very much jack are the Wisconsin
and niceness stereotypes true you know
we're we're a passive folk is what I'll
say we just you know we don't want to be
bothered we don't want to bother you we
don't want to be bothered yes that's our
thing it's less niceness and we're just
indifferent like you do your own thing
and please don't bother me but I know
I'll go other places and you know like
I'll I'll try to you know like if if I
cross someone and I'm walking on the
sidewalk usually I'll make eye contact
and give a little hey knob which I know
is not usual in other parts like hey I
like I acknowledge other people's
existence on the sidewalk and that's not
usual bruce campbell as the war mage Oh
that'd be perfect with younger bruce
campbell as this guy okay yeah
the the the evil sorceress has she's
used her magic powers to basically
enslave the org so when they were just
kind of random and chaotic and like
groups then with attack here and there
yeah she's got them all organized at
attacking at once okay it's bad news
it's been spamming yeah there's a line
of dialogue that old guy the narrator
says like the sorceress she says she's
trying to teach the order a lesson well
the joke's on her I'm fairly sure my
apprentice is unlearn about that's great
just looking at his picture up there in
the corner yes that is clearly supposed
to be Bruce Camp oh yeah yeah yeah
groovy baby oh the weavers yeah
basically you select one of these and
you can buy upgrades from them and like
the steel Weaver has upgrades laid into
your traps Oh traps generate more money
Guardians you can summon and have your
general health and then or you can go
the other route you have to pick one of
the other Oh
upgrades for yourself stronger weapons
less less mana to cast spells sure yeah
so what which way are you thinking about
going this time this time or this maps
got two different I'm all yours
two different uh points for their attack
from up here and down there or my plan
is to use the the elemental one to buff
myself up okay and then I'm gonna set
traps on for the bottom one and then I'm
gonna spend a lot of time personally
defending the upper level okay
that's the strats that's your magistrate
that's my mad stratum at trap strats yes
I like it
traps are just so cool what a thing if I
know traps are just so cool I'm gonna go
see if there's any water yeah you're
gonna do that you know I'm gonna shoot
you get your trap I'm gonna shoot
spittle on the head
nice
this'll hurt
this'll hurt
yes
I'm heading back to the rift that that
heals my it's why it's why I keep
running back there
find any water
is this a solo streamer is Jack out of
the room I'm out of the room I was
looking for water I couldn't find any
bottles of water usually I'll bring my
own in case there's no platter here who
had years no matter but I found water in
the form of you know cops
why is origin okay I'll look into it
there's lots of games I'll look into
there's too many fucking games we're
probably never gonna play any of these
games you'd recommend no all the time
all the time there's too many games
there's too many games and you know
that's not necessarily a problem because
there's lots of options it's only a
problem when someone wants us to play a
very specific game
you know David II know people I like
sour beer to sour beers is becoming very
fashionable at the moment and I like
sour beer is the new is the new
as far as what beer is info at the
moment one how do you come into play in
justice to write buggin right all right
monster killed all my archers but
fortunately I had the break point so
they revived
okay but play pray and it's DLC
roguelite moon crash yes we'll play all
of the games thank you thank you all of
them and Shadow Warrior and Bulletstorm
and and and and and and I know yeah I
know yeah and any game that you want to
just you know get some enjoyment things
to like I finally got to a different
Island in Witcher 3 and it's a whole
it's a whole new game call it's great
it's fucking great I finally got it got
out of the starting area in which is
really having a great time I definitely
had sex on university with yennefer
I don't know why there was a stuffed
unicorn in universe name and then we had
sex on it so you know it's a thing it's
a thing a thing you hang out with
yennefer this this sorceress and if you
say the right things you get to have sex
with her but then she insists on having
sex on a stuffed unicorn if you say the
right things yeah there's like there's
like you know it was branching you
dialogue choices and as soon as we
started talking I could sense like oh I
bet one of these paths to leave the sex
so of course that's the ocean and it
works so just saying the right things
with no regard for her feelings that's
how you get laid and I see well but I've
listened I've also the whole reason I
was there was to help her with a problem
she was having so not only did I so that
was that was what she what she had to
pay that were you saying you're a man
whore one absolutely - very proud of
that
there is no three because I'm just very
proud of that
oh I'm gonna try to romance both the
ennifer and tris of course I am
and I romance that other blond-haired
which lady even though after sex she
drugged me and left me on the shore of
the beach mildly dumb mildly dumb is to
steal stuff
making it all happen
I mean the whole thing with witchers is
they'll do anything as long as you pay
them usually if anything involves
hunting monsters but
this is not good you invite her to care
morhen I'm night
I don't remember
I'm gonna have my comeuppance if I tried
it if I try to romance Chris I'm gonna
have my cub puppets David II know people
in certain states it is mean one
specific state also other countries are
yeah yeah and what not even in one
specific state in one specific city in
one specific state is naughty it's not
legal in Las Vegas prostitution isn't
legal in Las Vegas it's legal in one
small city outside of Las Vegas
yeah that's why if you go to Vegas you
have to hop on a bus for like three
hours
but they'll they'll let you know in
Vegas come to the farm come to the farm
that's where all the shit goes down come
on Jack respect the witcher's three
handle on a story there are consequences
for all actions I'll find him out it'll
be great I like that game that what's
your game I know you do
oh rich by the way yeah this is my this
might be exciting news for you it was
just announced recently you know noclip
had their Witcher 3 documentary yeah
where they talked about the production
they talked about the project and you
know they talked a little bit about how
they are in charge of gog and now they
are one of their next documentaries is a
full-blown history of gog oh nice yeah
I'm really excited for it so just like
everything gog does how they find older
games how they make them run on modern
systems how they get the rights to stuff
it's gonna be a really neat no
it's it is it's gonna be right
last thing you'll ever see that's great
people are asking if we can turn the FX
volume down again
really that's what they're asking all
right that's what they're asking rich
they're saying the quips are killing
yeah they're great
just that is it yeah just even that like
just down a little bit
witcher 3 is the most recent one yeah
witcher 3 the Wild Hunt I've been having
a great
oh Jesus Christ it's a massacre my
design jack by design and see this is
what I wanted in like a in our in our
shop simulator I wanted to control the
crowd noises that's this is exactly the
kind of thing I was talking about but
instead of like burning the customers
alive it would leave them lead them
right to the sale rack and then they'd
have to like buy stuff off of the
impulse buy sack or whatever
we got here we got emoticon who says hey
guys thank you and everyone else at our
alien for all the hours of entertainment
last we love doors was great loved it
when Jimin : our guests sorry that I
used the prereq stream to gush about our
elem but it stays in the family I
figured area okay I haven't had a chance
to see that wheel yet it's a great one
though though I did see the the hug a
tree survived Canada video yeah Wow so
wasn't the best thing to watch but
good oh the good old wheel the
new-and-improved wheel remember me
playing this level I used the streams
same strategy then really fucking works
oh listen erase this rage
hot potato yeah says think about this a
reskin version of this game but it's
shopping mall and you're one of the
robots slaughtering bargain crazed
shoppers that can be fun and if too many
of the shoppers get to the get to the
cash register at the end you lose money
because the sales are so good
well I think of Gilbert Godfried a very
talented stand-up comedian he's he's a
comedian yeah he is a comedian who stand
up I have enjoyed over the years yeah
what a strange person to reference now I
feel like that's it almost a setup for
something like has he done something bad
recently is it that the coin I've
enjoyed his comedy
yes that's great that's great fun no
well is you know you have a plan you're
enacting your plan and it's working
that's great it's great
Chuck Fox is Jack what was it like
working with Christian Bale like I hear
he can be a little intense for those who
don't know by the way I have finally
made my Christian Bale stars in Batman
the Animated Series as I call that
Batman the Animated Series feature in
Christian Bale be it's never too late
episode
I know I showed it to rich after I was
done with it yeah and and your your
first note which was I think a good note
which was my Christian Bale impression
wasn't over the top enough for the
comedy as an experiment just to see what
TAS would sound like with Christian Bale
yeah it works but it it furred to be a
funny it needs to be every do you go to
Google your brother here's the nuts part
about that rich is that was actually my
third go at it yeah but like be cut
because I felt like I wasn't being crazy
enough and so like that was my third go
go and this is obviously the crazy no
your way it's way too subdued you have
to go nuts well like if I go anymore
nuts people won't know what I'm saying
but will that work for 20 minutes is the
question right why I think it's just be
well okay it doesn't have to work for 20
minutes cuz Patman barely says anything
in that episode I know which is the
great part about it so that's not a
problem and wouldn't get old oh no I
can't speed up the episode Tiberius Kirk
because already like people talk so fast
in those cartoons it was it was I was
struggling just to keep up with Kevin
Connolly just to keep up with the lake
lip-sync I wouldn't worry about the
lip-sync
just make sure Bale sounds like funny
Bale okay lip-sync be damned
okay well I'll do another one and and
and the second one will go super much
yes because it was actually a not even
maybe making it that's just bad I'm
getting less points for that the more
traps they get affected by more
points you get there just winning so
hard so hard good times
Jack wants more copyright checks no I
can't I I uploaded it to YouTube to my
YouTube channel and I've set it to
private and within 30 seconds she's had
a copyright claim on it yeah but at
first Warner Brothers just wanted to
track it like they were okay with it
existing they just wanted to track the
numbers okay no problem but then Warner
Brothers television said that it it
couldn't be shown in they they shut it
down completely
and I did try to dispute it on YouTube
where I said I think this falls under
fair use
I'm making you no criticism of the
performance so I attempted to do a fair
use and within 45 seconds to a minute of
me trying to refute the claim they said
nope doesn't fall under fair use if you
try to refute it again and fail you'll
get a copyright strike
so I uploaded it to Vimeo and it's fine
but the the amount the the thing that
bothered me obviously like some people
have been rightfully pointing out the
irony that I usually do side with
YouTube annotations back and by the way
YouTube is still well within the right
to take that whatever pretty old a long
but I was less commenting on like the
fact that it was a copyright in fact
that it was clearly that were doing it
there was no human involved with my
video games over down which is a little
crappy one for you and one for you
do do I think Vimeo has the potential to
be even half as popular as YouTube not
anytime soon but depends upon entirely
what YouTube does still not anytime soon
YouTube's too ingrained yep not only is
YouTube too ingrained YouTube works too
well it works all the time if you want
YouTube to work on your phone on your TV
on your computer it works right away the
first time you use it from a consumer
standpoint whose region you watch
something on YouTube it works all time
Vimeo they've never been tested like
YouTube is tested fine so
that's why it was crazy
but the you know if YouTube if people
keep getting mad at YouTube obviously
they'll go all the places but YouTube is
to an interesting choice it's too
pervasive it's everywhere
and I mean I think someone else could
get some kind of foothold attention
maybe the YouTube was keeping enough
crit and if YouTube chased off enough
well-liked creators yeah there would be
a niche for videos would there could be
oh they're absolutely good or for twitch
or for Amazon or they're like let's say
Amazon comes up with their own other
YouTube like video service right like oh
there's an area for a lot of things but
I don't think it's gonna happen anytime
soon because YouTube's so ingrained
thanks Cousteau still eerie things for
coming to the stream we appreciate it
the
to YouTube is crazy I was looking up
some stats because I was I was talking
back and forth with some people on
Twitter about YouTube and how they
handled how to handle their business
right the the current YouTube stat is
there is 300 hours of video uploaded to
YouTube every minute yeah 300 hours
every minute and because YouTube is for
the most part generally stable at any
point you can watch some of that video
and it will work 99% of the time and so
YouTube has itself a foothold in a
market that it can't even compete in
YouTube is in the red constant like
Google obviously makes a ton of money
but YouTube as its own entity does not
make any money because of their server
and and debugged cost alone you can do
it right I believe it very well I
believe in you
so we need in order for someone to be a
true competitor with YouTube they need
to have in an insane amount of resource
an insane amount of resources available
to them to have just the server space to
hold that kind of video and to play back
with with efficiency right
7,800 Edda bytes of cat videos alone and
see that's why I I feel like I know my
place in YouTube which is I am easily
replaceable by grandma's cat video any
content creator you are replaced by a
music video
you are replaced by cat videos you are
replaced by the next generation of kids
who are making stuff and don't have to
worry about getting paid yet you be the
creator in the YouTube system is the
link that can be removed and nothing
happens which is why I'm just happy
there is a way I'm happy that there is a
service like you to use condition not
saying that I don't want it to be better
of course I wanted to be better I'm just
trying to be as realistic as possible
in a perfect world there would be some
human on the other end of the copyright
claim going you know what maybe maybe
this isn't agree riches concentrating
don't worry rich isn't listening to me
he's concentrating this is for you
people I'm talking to you there's an
interesting article about YouTube and
it's it's YouTube red or now it's called
YouTube premium their YouTube red
service where if something like if less
than 25% of their viewer base purchased
YouTube red is worth it for no ads and a
guilt free conscience about it Oh first
of all absolutely it is
but if less than 25% or around 25% of
their viewer base purchased YouTube's
bread they wouldn't have to worry about
advertisers oh yeah YouTube with and if
if they had a large enough YouTube bread
user fee base they would actually fight
for content creators because they
wouldn't have to worry about pleasing
advertisers because like that's the
whole reason that they give us shit is
because they don't want to piss off
Warner Brothers because Warner Brothers
is who buys ad right right so that's why
they side with them but if YouTube had a
had a had their money coming in from
their viewers they would side with us
100% of the time because we're creating
content
because that's where their money would
be coming in from
they offer they would still have ads but
they wouldn't be solely beholden to
their advertisers for all of their
income
is what I'm saying and what I'm saying
is they'd be more inclined to take our
side the creators
that's just because I'm Philip overnight
yeah you to a YouTube bread is a decent
amount of money but for as much YouTube
as I watch it's worth it just think
about how much YouTube you watch every
day and you start to realize that it's
incredibly
so it adds pre-experience I really like
it for their music app like it's a great
way to listen to just about any album
you want to listen to on YouTube bread
it's great and it is it's called YouTube
premium now not YouTube bread anymore
it's a worse name YouTube premium yeah
let's dip right this way mr. Roarke
YouTube red though does sound like a
porn site
okay maybe for you it's all yeah
everything's fine
yeah alright
it's fine
there's nothing worth watching and that
puts anymore you are absolutely wrong
there's constantly stuff to watch on
their face constantly putting out
quality quality entertainment that's the
perfect dance right there we got a
little nuts there at the end yeah yeah I
know that levels kind of a bitch you're
welcome twitch Evans I'm glad