Welcome to the Gungle
June 20, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXwi5cN90eo

you did it I waited three weeks to see
infinity war on a Tuesday afternoon and
one of the five other people in the
theater kept whooping and clapping
people are crazy I'm sorry I'm sorry
that these people are crazy for you I've
not come across we are we we are past
the point of caring about if any war
spoilers right we I mean it for three
weeks I throw out a minor one right now
yeah one okay well hold on we'll give it
a moment Meyler mild spoiler for
infinity war somebody started hooting
and hollering when Thor showed up with
the new hammer thing what do you think
was gonna happen
dumb ass do you think he was
gonna make the hammer and then not use
it wait wait wait
when he showed up on earth with the new
hammer really yeah what the is
wrong with people I go oh did they not
think he was gonna join the fight I
don't know I don't know I'm sorry rich
I'm really really sorry it's crazy to me
that that you guys have these bad
movie-going experience is generally
speaking I have had very positive
movie-going experiences yeah that should
be an easy download yeah
my theatre cheered every time Captain
America was on screen what I mean with
the beard the beard was there that's
just good it's a good beard
oh it's installed already is it just
quick yeah I thought it would be quick
that was quicker than I thought it would
be all right
no oh it's cute what what's in the queue
updating don't update okay updating hand
of fate I'd say oh my god yeah it's
updating it go go up in the damn queue
all right you haven't stopped updating
Battletech yet there we go now it's
installing into the oh yeah they know
what you're planning enter the gungeon
yeah updating bad all tech great let's
see what we got here
prax's says Steve Jobs lived on a fruit
only diet
I got it did a lot of good Ashton
Kutcher tried to replicate this diet
during his role as Steve Jobs does he
have cancer now and was a hospitalized
with pancreatic pains PS Steve Jobs died
of pancreatic cancer I wanna you know
and obviously there's a lot of there's a
lot we don't know a surrounding his
death I just remember reading
I remember reading someone close to him
saying that for the first for the first
several months after his diagnosis he
tried he tried to he tried to do only
alternative medicines as far as the the
cancer was concerned and and it's
possible and of course this is pure
speculation but it's possible that if he
had started chemo immediately when
doctors recommended it he he might have
had a little bit longer to know oh well
oh oh
oh jeez maybe homeopathy is a bad idea
it's weird it's almost like like years
maybe placebos don't do so good against
stage 3 cancer it's almost like we have
all this science and research that we
should listen to and chemotherapy is in
100% cotton he mayor or rich or maybe he
just had the wrong crystals just a
whoopsie I got a bad
I got a bad crystal I gotta focus my
energy into the right queerest wall
whoopsie the only way the crystals gonna
cure you with cancer if you sharpen it
really good and then just start cutting
at it
just dig out what's up you know get rid
of exactly one of the cancers
you don't survive oh no no I'm not
saying he was survived I'm saying like
it could have bought him time more time
he could have had more time to live
instead of dying so quickly is what I
have read unsubstantiated rumors I'm
basically I'm peddling gossip about a
dead man and I'm sorry I'm very sorry
also owe me a little sorry so you're
gonna force me to go through the
tutorial it might help actually just get
you remember what buttons do want all
this else job a little bit the other
night actually oh yeah yeah I don't know
why what a strange Julie yes I'm not
saying it's a wrong choice I'm you know
this to me is a little out of left field
for a game that you want to play I never
said I hated this
no no it's Jun dur whelmed compared to
Isaac well obviously in in my mind it
had some big boots to fill hmm and so
yeah I never thought it was a bad game I
still think it's actually a good game
just you know if I'm gonna play a
roguelike twin-stick you gotta you gotta
beat Isaac for my time oh yeah oh yeah
into the gungeon stream info updated
successfully look I got used to
moonlighters cliff thing where you do
you don't fall off immediately right how
I want the dodge over that cliff so
there you go it's a Vegas let's see here
Jack says the latchkey kid your money
solves everything theory is silly
no yeah wealthy people kill themselves
just like poor people we just saw
Anthony Bourdain and Kate Spade do it
and Robin Williams before obviously no
amount of money was going to solve their
problems can I have their money and I'll
take their money and obviously the last
key Kato is being slightly hyperbolic
I'll gladly take my money it's it's true
money won't solve every problem solves
many of them solves it's you know I
think this is an old bit is you know the
the the person who says money won't buy
happiness obviously has never had that
much money I didn't know much of I I
don't know much about Anthony Bourdain
and I know you know he recently took his
own life
and I just I know he hosted a couple
food shows that there are a lot of
people who are very very upset by that
and I don't I don't know if I've ever
seen anything with him but apparently
people liked the stuff he did
okay it's hard not to be happy in a
wingsuit you know it's nice slacks
where are we then you know we're at
Villa hecka who says hey guys I know
rich couldn't give two shits
but the Disney Foxx merger hasn't come
through just yet Comcast just put in a
bid and Disney just raised their bid any
deal still needs to approve be approved
by the federal federal government oh no
oh I thought no I guess you know what I
saw news of the merger going I thought
going through but the news muscle just
been that Disney up their bid yeah from
Comcast that that must have been what I
had read well thanks for the thanks for
correcting me bill mica I appreciate
that
Disney offered them seventy 1.1 billion
gosh dang and then Fox assets that's
great yeah I mean great for Fox I don't
know great for Disney is it really good
if Disney owns all of pop culture no so
something we should be rooting for no
and you know you want to see Marvel we
do the x-men movies but no no no there's
there's there's a lot there's gonna be
there's going to be a lot of negative
consequences to this much much like much
like you being fearful of a possible
dystopian steam future yeah Disney
controlling all the intellectual
properties yeah oh I know oh right right
but so to put that into context to chat
there there is a very real downside to
this I'm not I'm not incredibly worried
as if I'm gonna try to be as optimistic
as possible the avenues for
entertainments keep diversifying right
and so the places that I can go to get
new entertainment keeps multiplying and
so I'm not necessarily worried about
Disney taking away all of entertainment
because entertainment is in itself
becoming more democratized so but what's
just gonna happen as Disney's gonna have
all the big
and you know that's just how it's gonna
be oh sorry that was 71 point three
billion dollars on my mistake my mistake
the good news is if Disney runs all
their IPs like they have one Star Wars
they will be looking to sell that
monopoly in ten years no I'm pretty good
with Marvel yeah and you know even if
even if they get another box-office flop
on their hands remember that owning the
Star Wars IP means that they get to sell
all the toys and they get to make all
the video games and they get to make all
the TV shows and they get to make all of
the webisodes or whatever the hell they
want they will make that money back they
might spend a little less making the
movies they might force their After
Effects and post workers to work under
worse conditions and work for even less
money and outsource even more stuff to
Korea so they can do cheap animation but
they'll still make the money because
that's what business is do
capitalism aha
brought it all around nice nice thought
you would appreciate that yeah
Marvel Comics is doing terribly a
physical comics are doing terribly
digital comics are up but physical
comics have never been a big market to
begin with you know I might be recycling
a joke I told when we first started
streaming this do it they make a sequel
to this game yeah it needs to be called
welcome to the jungle
I mean yes and I just hope I hope they
actually get a voice actor to say gun go
because that is a funny word achievement
unlocked fun and games
what welcome to the Gundel oh they've
got they've got yes yes they've got I
get it not yet
it's it took me a while it took me it
took me slightly longer than I'm
comfortable admitting even though I just
admitted it welcome to the jungle
don't celebrate that joke oh that's a
fine joke you know why it's a fine joke
because it sounds Gundel is an awful
word is it any gum gold oh it's it's
it's all lower throat it's not it feels
terrible to say and so I hope they make
it so everyone can go gum goal
what are you playing playing a little
gun going oh it actually it hurts it
makes it like widen my throat to say
let's see here brave SJ wants to notice
is how hey guys curious why you only
ever seem to watch low-budget
direct-to-video movies on best of the
worst when Hollywood has supplied so
much blockbuster garbage to us over the
years
also Cowboy Bebop is a great gateway
anime rich one of us even if I even if I
should watch and and like cowboy bebop
but does not that wouldn't that mean I
were suddenly magically an anime fan
right and here's the thing rich if you
did watch and enjoy a Cowboy Bebop which
I recommend it's very good I would also
recommend you not share that information
with chat yeah because they will you
know they're what they're gonna do
Oh everything they're gonna recommend
all the crap all the crap they're gonna
write well you like that it's just like
hell oh yeah yeah yeah it's gonna it's
gonna turn into a shitstorm we'll talk
about it off stream just a goddamn
shitstorm
but why do we only ever seem to watch a
low-budget direct-to-video movie that's
kind of its kind of the mission
statement of best of the worst Hollywood
people already know about it hmm
yeah that's funny I don't I don't know I
don't know part of the the premise is to
discover the undiscovered yes to boldly
go if you will and yeah if something had
a large theatrical release it is usually
already pissed off and but generally
speaking when when like there has been
like a notorious flop usually somebody
else has covered that right like
somebody else knows it exists so yeah
we're we're we're digging our own hole
over here get out of our hole
maybe do one special theme tonight for
big-budget flops that's that there's a
million ideas that we have none of them
will be realized yeah but none of them
will ever ever happen
secret room over there all right little
gray thing thank you ma'am
I wonder if that's a new feature I gotta
I gotta I have a chest I got a map
oh I don't see broken walls or something
though don't you need to see I know if
it's broken walls or if it's like a like
a switch that you need to Paul
you know what check the room directly to
your left here yeah cuz some Tino's like
sometimes they tunnel maybe it comes out
of this room
mm even now I don't know man I don't
know I don't know either I don't how to
get to it
don't know how to get to it some of the
breakable walls are hidden they sound
different when you shoot them says the
chat
what xsplit output settings use 1080p 30
frames a second is what we were using
currently
maybe not we do have our vine turn down
this screaming I think we be able
oh there's a nice business question I
know people love it want to talk you
know business jack has a freelancer do
you take special care to track your
hours do you try to do a certain number
of hours of work each day absolutely
absolutely I have a little application
called clock KL okay
I think hey L okay if it's a it's just a
time management it's a billable hours
punch cards application and yes it's
very very important to keep track of
your hours when you are a freelancer
even if you're not billing by the hour
if you're just billing for a job always
keep track of your hours so you have a
better idea on how to build by the job
but later very important very important
just to kind of know what you're getting
into and do I do a certain amount of
hours of work each day yes yeah I try to
keep - I try to keep to a schedule try
to keep through schedule I have a
certain like regimented time that I
answer emails I only try to only answer
emails a couple times a day so I'm not
like addicted to email or anything then
I have some time that I work on some
creative stuff some business stuff some
prereq stuff yeah
little segments and I try to keep to a
schedule that way that way I can get you
it done
did prereq stop using lbs yeah we
stopped using OBS awhile ago because it
kept crashing on us OBS was nice
no no disrespect to OBS but xsplit runs
a little more there's a word I'm looking
for that I can't think of right now
regularly maybe
oh you know what that made the other
chandeliers hitting those switches make
additional your fault
yeah does he drop armor if you don't
take a hit though
and of course you know for the person
who's asking about the freelancer and
hours spent you know it's it does change
day to day like you know currently I
just have some very lights editing work
to do the other side of of my of my
business and so I think it's like a
frisbee haven't you and so it's a weapon
okay okay yeah and so I I don't spend as
much time with that and we've had some
games to play so I've been spending a
little more time playing games yeah
stable reliably yeah all those things
consistently all those things xsplit
does all those things better
all those things why are we dropping no
we look fine we look fine we're not
dropping no frames how goes D and D so
far so good I'm almost done the next
part of my campaign has been very is
very NPC heavy and so basically I've
just been writing a lot of dialogue and
characters keeping your family waiting
huh keeping your family waiting well you
got a strike while the errands have
those kids are less than ten years old
they're gonna forget about D and D and
my god the minute they've already four
they've already forgotten no no because
we hammering it in know we've been
playing with our neighbors we've been
the kids have been writing their own
dungeons okay like we're still in it
it's just the second part of my game oh
that's neat interesting so yeah we're
still getting into it and actually
something that just arrived the other
day I purchased my first miniature for
for a set which is a it's a mimic
miniature so one it's two pieces one is
a treasure chest and then the other is
the treasure chest with his mouth open
and the teeth I'm gonna surprise him
there's gonna be a little a little cave
and they're gonna see a treasure chest
and and it's gonna be a mimic and they
don't really know what a mimic is yet
yeah and so I'm gonna surprise him it's
gonna be great
why do I suck yeah that's first I'm
playing in a while I've never been
greater this stuff looks well yeah if
you're out of that muscle memory it
takes a lot
sharks fear says a quick sharks fear tip
for you rich yeah on every floor the
shopkeeper is guaranteed to have a key
for sale if you haven't already picked
up a key only you haven't already
presented oh really so leave any key
drops on the floor if you haven't
already found the shop
well do the red pick them up then
that might engender trust issues as I
hope so I want I want to my hope is that
I can I can force him to start thinking
you know outside the box a little bit
and not just you know I want to spook
them I want to I want to create a
situation that that makes them you know
start slowing down and questioning the
world around them but you know I have
some NPCs I do have some monsters I'm
implementing you know Rich's idea of a
timer and then some skeletons popping up
every once in a while yeah they need to
find they need to find a secret entrance
into into the the castle of skeletons
that's gonna be their mission for this
next part and I'm fairly excited about
about round two of the family DeeAnn
being but yeah we've been playing we've
been you know watching some stuff watch
it we've we found a couple other you
know people that we're watching oh so
yeah it's been fun D&D; all good we're
still gonna play
James T James C drone says do you have
any advice for an individual still
building a following and trying to
become successful in the profession of
creating Internet entertainment content
find the the biggest thing in the world
and an ape off of it using it as a
platform Star Wars works great now let's
try buying more lottery tickets and then
and then put out regular content right
yeah there's not a lot we can do to help
in that respect fine to find an
interesting thing to do and try to do it
better than other people or do something
horribly unique that makes you stand out
yeah well that's this kind of same
advice do something different and do
something the same as everyone else
that's the same advice that's not what I
said I said oh oh I said try to try to
you know do something better than other
people I was thinking you're saying do
what the big people are doing I oh no no
I'm dodging bullets right no taking
brain brain a whole brain well one of my
pieces of advice is to ape off of pop
culture which is advice that works very
well for a lot of people you you find a
way to you know do your thing but but
ape off of I don't know movies video
games that kind of thing that seems to
work really good for other people but do
it in a way that's better than other
people or interesting or unique than
other people
here's a tip steel content no absolutely
not but you know the people have to find
you somehow right and and so the
question is how are people going to find
you if you're doing something so
different even if it's good people are
gonna have a hard time finding you
eventually like if you just keep on
doing it and it's good and it's good and
it's good people will find you but how
are people going to find you a lot of
times what people do is they take
something that's very popular and then
they do their thing within the Venn
diagram of the thing that's very popular
so that when people are searching for
the very popular thing they'll also come
across your thing you know I'm saying
and that's a piece of advice that I'm
sure you know already so I'm sorry for
wasting your time
oh nice gun not bad that's handy it's
easy to dodge when they don't shoot at
you in the first place yeah yeah yeah
I found you by word-of-mouth but it took
a long time to start watching regularly
right but you know a lot of people you
know obviously a lot of people found
found us through red letter media but
the people who didn't find us through
red letter media might fight you know
might just be looking for like oh I'm
looking for reviews on Metal Gear Solid
5 oh these guys are guys I'll listen to
these guys right boom that's how you
find this or so on and so forth like or
like let's just say you're just making
straight-up regular life you know if
you're just making like comedy videos
right maybe every once in a while throw
in a comedy video that has to do with
something pop culture-wise so you just
squeeze in there then you make your
regular comedy if it doesn't he squeeze
in that pop culture every once in a
while just so people have a way to find
you oh god this guy kicks my ass
yeah he's nuts you know or didn't keep
doing your own thing and then you know
team up with someone who has a larger
following than you if they're willing to
do that
I don't think he freezes
many hours and came the rap doesn't
steal keys the key tip will make he's
not a problem for the majority of your
lives okay you hear that rich the
rattlesnake
good lick my love it says I've made up
some bad old I've I've made up some band
names please tell me what your beautiful
imagination comes up with when reading
them the nut baggers the Harvey pranks
five salty lake it's one one time way
back one way back when Mike tried to
trick some somebody he knew in the
naming their band after something to
Star Trek related cuz they didn't know
nothing about no Star Trek he's trying
to get the color I like tachyon
fielder's yeah yeah yeah that can that
could be actually that could be a good
name I could see this obsidian order
yeah yeah yeah and they just would they
would have no idea they're they're bad
this oh I could totally see like a like
a hipster
like a like a hipster junk orchestra
band being called Tasha Yar and like
like Mike convincing them that it's like
some like ancient Indian thing like oh
yes it's a rifle
hey Natasha are the and then naming
their whole band after Tasha Yar I love
it Jeffries tube
now I'm thinking of something like like
Animal Collective like that kind of band
where that you know a little Cynthia
little junk Orchestra II or or like The
Decemberists being called Tasha Yar I
could see that whoops sighs Sperling
says hey guys what's your favorite type
of animation and why is it stop-motion
appreciate stop-motion I have a favorite
type I love it I like a lot of kinds of
animation including stop-motion yeah
stop motion is neat because there's a
whole separate craft involved with it a
tactile craft instead of just a you got
to draw pretty a lot yeah so that's
always nice but there's there's a lot of
good animation styles
well that was one of my favorite things
about that series that the Animatrix you
know like all the different styles
it's nice Eric Kerber this is Jack
thinking about finally building a PC
that's fast enough for some higher-level
motion graphics which also means it'll
be good for gaming alright how's yours
holding up that you built it runs
fantastically everything every game I've
thrown at it runs super smoothly and I'm
encoding videos with ease it is when did
we build this one which one the the one
we're playing this game off of right now
this is like early on and prereqs been
for years now right Oh at least three or
four years yeah and this one still runs
buttery this one this one still runs
every new game yeah no and you know I've
switched over to using the PC that I
built on stream as my main editing
computer because I've been needing to
edit larger you know 4k footage because
that's what the clients are expecting
now and and it it handles it just
buttery smooth
so this is a bullet hell and I think I
spend too much time looking at the
enemies rather than worrying about where
I'm at
yeah I think my big problem in this game
you kind of got a fisheye it and you
know a little bit just kind of knowing
the path they're gonna take and a little
bit looking in front of you where you're
gonna roll like I wonder if this game
wouldn't play better in like a Windows
over everything just try to make it as
small as well then you might not know
what's the table and what's not
I know on his other drawbacks I felt
like that wasn't dumb hip to take and I
felt bad about taking that dated a 10
year old PC with more lamb and new
graphics card and plays modern games
incredibly well the graphics card man
that's that is an important important
bit yeah as we learned with our
attempting to resize a window while
streaming that graphics card ain't from
ain't for nothing but
ya know my PC still runs great every
everything runs real smooth and then I
and I like it even after I got I got a
fancy new I got a 4k monitor at home you
know with some better color management
because as I'm saying I'm working with
the 4k footage now and we look with a
lot of my editing gigs and so I needed a
bigger monitor and it can output to that
4k monitor good everything good all good
good computer good stream good make game
good make witcher 3 look why did you
turn into tarzan i don't know but i felt
that going that way and i just went with
it because i felt like i was saying the
same thing over and over I'm sorry I was
so shocked that I got it I just I just
got him I I felt like I was saying the
same thing over and over again and so I
kind of stumbled into Tarzan
I think I'm on my rig at home I have a
gtx 1070 if I wanted to go I wanted to
go graphics card intensive yeah this one
though I don't think we have anything
that powerful loves the generation right
underneath things to the 970 but 970
yeah so could be the 960 I forgot
exactly but I think it's not something
but yeah you know if you're thinking
about you building a PC for you know for
post work for for uh for After Effects
or those kind of graphics start start
looking on filemaker forums and seeing
what's gonna work best for you make sure
you're after your post program can
handle whatnot and he who's lifted me
and all that fun stuff but yeah it's
been great
it's been great
captain president says hey Jack have you
heard of a band called Greta Van Fleet
they are a Led Zeppelin like but damn do
they do it well
check out safari song and highway 2 ok
thank you guys for president I will look
into those way
James Seay Crona sang ha hey there as a
fan of free record fellow streamer I'm
curious do you guys stream with OBS
studio if so what output settings do you
use to make the 1080p look so crisp we
just talked about that we use xsplit and
actually we only recently bumped
ourselves up to 1080 we were for a long
time since you know for 4 years
streaming at 720p but we recently built
a new computer that only handles the
screen so right now we're playing into
the gungeon on one pc sending that
signal into a second PC that is
streaming it out to you and that's why
we are able to stream at 1080p
though the the as soon as we start
getting a little more money in the
prereq coffers we might want to swap up
to a better TV but hey yeah we'll figure
that out another day right now it's
working yeah we've had it we've had a
lot of luck with extra luck xsplit is a
quality product as is OBS OBS was great
for us but finicky because you know it's
open source it's it's updated whenever
they feel like updating it's not a
guaranteed thing as neither is excellent
of course but as a product it's been a
little more reliable James
the batcher I don't think I missed your
no your tip is coming up to bat Shiva
your tip is coming up the bat it's
pronounced table bocce - bocce hibachi
your tip is coming up before I read your
tip belt and we have a little drink of
water we've been doing a lot of talking
today rich yes whoo that's not a bad
idea we should buy a new GPU for the
gaming PC and use the old one with the
streaming you see that oh that ain't not
a bad idea
let's it's a far costlier idea cuz this
GPU for games yeah fun we'd have to do a
pro/con price comparison you know if
it's close enough I just want us to be
streaming adequately I don't oh yeah I
just don't ever want you know we had
that little hiccup earlier and I had a
little panic attack and yeah and I don't
want us to ever have to worry about
stuff like that
you know we should press the button and
start streaming and that's it
that's the whole reason why we built the
streaming pc is so we wouldn't have to
worry about it I'm not yet a hundred
percent sure that any kind of hiccups
we've had have been the fault of the GPU
right I'm not I'm not convinced
I don't oh yeah and I don't know you
know so rather than spend a thousand
blocks sending GPU that's the best at
the top of the line yep yep pitchfork
these will fireballs horrible
what the a little grenade guy there
and I didn't see him
yeah little cluttered the gungeon
the gungeon can get a little fun will
ship all right it's pronounced to botch
e but that's okay everyone messes it up
well it has a queue at the end to Bochy
or taboc Kai goddamnit I don't know how
to pronounce your name
I love C thoughts on Time Warner merging
with AT&T; will Batman be advertising
better cell phone service also a long
time watcher first time donator thank
you for being you actually closer and
closer to the unified mega coil of
science fiction dystopias past this is
this is a that that's a common trope in
dystopian futures by and large someday
the 80s science fiction will be a
reality wonder boss don't you already
have a sec oh no this is a new run
oh man I don't know either I know man I
think I'm good I'll save my money yeah
somebody'll buy some nice something yeah
I mean if you're still you got you got a
pitchfork and a gun what else could you
need what else could you need it makes
me sad because AT&T; was my only
competition to spectrum in my area
that's that's what it is here in
Milwaukee we have two options for high
speed internet you have spectrum and we
have 80s so as soon as they merge all
done
I'll that yeah you should've made
that that seemed like a like a whole
bunch of you should have made that
hunchback jack donated to say
cancer absolutely that's a killer
Oh a momentary roll away huh sad Vegas
is yep I'm in knowing well great
yeah we're super for what
Internet
why well what happened Time Warner is
merging with a team okay
okay they want to merge with 18z and
currently in Milwaukee we have exactly
two choices
ah Time Warner and 80 so once they merge
we have one choice for high speed
internet and then it's pay whatever we
tell you to pay yay capitalism
yay fYI we can't see the bosses health
bar oh that was pretty close for what
it's worth
RIT two is very very close I do see that
though our our screen is full screen
instead of the normal slightly shrunk so
you can see the bottom I would have been
very sad if I weren't kind of
anyway cuz it wasn't that much health in
the first boss you're not gonna have a
good run
yeah and I would I would fix the game
screen right now but last time I tried
to fix the screen midstream it ruined
everything so I've learned my lesson
okay and we'll never be good at this
game
I will never be good at this game I
can't dodge between that ship you can
yeah yeah I'm hearing it rich you know
it takes it takes a certain zone for
games like this here's your problem
you're rich what you cut what we like in
the biz like to call a thinker you like
to think about what you're doing you're
you're one of them smarter you smarty
dances and Gunjan is a game that relies
on instincts twitch reflexes you got to
move without thinking
but I like Star Wars do do you know I
got a head it didn't work oh it didn't
work
oh you're trying not to think yeah I get
it
Ritchie's about the boss only has about
a quarter health left
to close rich you cut do closed
thanks doc quality doc only a sliver of
health left okay
yeah it's pure instance you get you have
to be on if impure instance do you get
anything for leaving this guy live ah
maybe yeah you let's do it
he's not a pet he's just crying let him
look let him cry
with the crime he'll let him let him
live with it yeah your master is dead
jack is right I'm hopeless at these kind
of games because I have no instinct it's
you know it's it's a different kind of
game it's a different kind of world and
that's all right and that's all
why true blue review says hey guys
thought I'd compress three are you going
to play this questions into one tip one
hollow Knight is getting a DLC campaign
soon and a switch release I didn't much
care for holiday when I played it rich
do you have any I never played it yes I
think I said you stream it once do I
play it and looked at equip no ok great
Mario Tennis aces comes out on Friday so
I don't generally care about Mario
Tennis games there was a good mario
soccer game once did you play Super
Mario right courageous heard of it that
was a fun that was a fun multiplayer
game Mario Strikers was great never
really got into the tennis was remember
earlier when I said you were thinker I
might want to take that back the
off you you Bach you
walked into a room and immediately shot
the exploding barrel right next to you
can you stop the rat from stealing your
stuff I I don't know I think if you come
back into the room he goes away I'm not
sure this I think you can unless you're
invulnerable why you use this I don't a
grappling yeah uh you might be a better
call to have more ammo for whatever gun
again yeah I mean that's just neat it's
neat
theoretically it could get you behind
enemies easier but you can already kind
of do that just with rolling so I don't
know
so he's gonna keep coming back I didn't
say I didn't like the Beatles I just I
just said you know there are they all
right I'm not huge on the Vita's Jackie
have like everything they like exactly
as much as I like it
are you Satan Hinds II yes I can see
that I I just said I'm not big on the
Beatles the beetle the videos are all
right we've been actually we've been
listening to the Beatles may as well
have said you hate puppies true that's
true
you know what puppies they're my
favorite thing babe I'll put it out
there I don't care about puppies Oh care
about no puppies we've actually been
listening to a lot of the Beatles for
some reason my youngest really wants to
listen to Beatles and you know so we
have one of those Amazon echo devices
whose name I will not say so it won't
get turned on in people's houses and
every once a while he'll ask me Amazon
echo type device to shuffle songs from
The Beatles and its pleasant to nice
Jack I got I am I think I'm considerate
of other people's feelings right it's
crazy but I don't know it's you know
that's that's actually really nice
pleasant music to listen to was just a
big you okay that kind of was
actually yeah
yes and it's fine it's fine music and
she's not music I'm necessarily like I
would write just never choose to listen
to that on my own
that's fine why does rich keep leaving
keys he doesn't always see them and if
you remember a shark spear gave us the
the suggestion that if we leave keys in
the room and don't pick up the keys then
the shopkeeper will also have another
key to sell so it's a way to get more
keys it's a way to to farm keys what is
that
whoa that's an interesting gun Isana
previous prereq fit you enjoy enjoy
powerful button mashing games that's in
a warframe scream I don't know that one
Washington I wish I wish it is I think
you can't you you know and you can't be
good at all the things on the signage
gotta know your strengths your
weaknesses
Oh also the the other world the other
game true Bloorview wanted to know if we
wanted to play is Jurassic world
evolution it has Jeff Goldblum that's a
cute guy maybe a baby
yeah awesome man sorry triple uber view
Khun chai 20 forces hijack and rich I
listened to Jack on the per cast today
and loved it
that's the podcast I was on today it
went live today where I talked about
biscuit for exactly one hour and they
just wanted me to talk about cats and my
cat for an hour and it was great it was
great oftentimes you know whether you're
whether you're a pet parent or a parent
with children it's usually bad form to
gush about your children and your pets
so it was nice to be on a on a podcast
that says no gush about your pet talk
about all your weird pet stuff what kind
of what kind of what what exactly did
you talk about other than just your
camera well I guess you'll have to
listen to the Perry we I actually we did
we talked about us food we talked about
his quirks something I don't uh you know
here's here's a little preview I won't
give away the whole perk ask is
obviously you should listen to that but
a lot of cats have quirks
you know like funny little things and
cats to a very strange thing that
biscuit does probably because he was
raised a show cat is after he's done
going to the bathroom in the morning he
screams at the top of his lungs yeah he
meows for several minutes to let us know
that he's gone to the bathroom and it
hopes that we scoop his poop right away
smartest decision I've ever made in my
life yeah was not doing that podcast
with me
because I the smartest decision I ever
made
oh no by the way we spend a big chunk of
the podcast just talking about poop not
gonna lie just talking about poop
I don't blame you I don't blame you one
bit
not only what I've you bitching about
cats I've been bitching about cat owners
yeah why do those assholes why the
cat owners yeah I think it's
fine they do back oh we vacuumed before
he came over it's fine why is why isn't
that one of the things that's okay it
gets the hair I'll lose your it get
max it into the air makes it
worse known anomaly we do read questions
from the chat I in fact I've been
reading questions from the chat not just
the tips all night I think it usually
helps when you're snarky about it so
keep that up you know
a lot of people ask I want to ask us
questions right yeah and I'm sorry but
the people who give us $2 get a higher
priority capitalism applause oh I do I
do read the chat whenever you see me
looking in this direction I'm not
looking at rich and a lot of times if I
don't really check questions because you
keep asking the same stupid question
over and over that I don't have a good
response to it's true what what do you
think of the anime Wooky Wooky Wooky ie
and I like as you'll see something like
that just repeat over again yeah and I
don't even know what the I'm
talking about and then they're gonna be
mad at me for not reading they're stupid
they're I think they're hoping that you
dissect the differences between the
anime and the manga human kabuki model
you know because like the drawing style
is completely different obviously and I
prefer the manga
obviously kid Brook chewy love anime now
what's up that once went easy right like
once you have records here and cowboy
bebop rich there dude they're just not
gonna stop it's just like cowboy bebop
except for it's set in a little girl's
underwear drawer no but it's a metaphor
rich it's a metaphor and I have no doubt
that really exists there's a problem
with animating is you can tell me that
you can tell me that exists and I would
believe it an anime just like Cowboy
Bebop but set into little girls
underwear yes yeah absolutely
with playbook cheer
don't do it don't find don't find that
anime and Link it don't do it Jack is
now on a list somewhere probably let's
see here do either of you recommend any
other podcasts or audiobooks to listen
to while doing menial tasks thanks for
the stream says kun Jai any any regular
nothing specific off the top of my head
what I've mentioned one I've mentioned
before that I enjoy it was the pirate
history project honestly lately I
haven't even been listening to a podcast
I've been tracking down old art bell
episodes you've talked about all of our
Bell sometimes this is that's great
oh wow whoa share but you get three
shots what a weird weapon
yeah and unfortunately this is something
I've said many times is most of my day
is is editing and when I'm editing
anything with audio like you know for
example when I'm gonna edit this
previously recorded episode I need to
listen to rich and I talk so I can yeah
also listen to other people talk about
other things while I'm listening to rich
and I talk so I don't get a ton of time
for podcasts in the past I have enjoyed
many many a podcast including the the
hardcore history podcast which I found
to be very odd you tamed full yep
however you say that but I've listened
to a lot of podcasts back in the day I
don't even know if any of them are still
running or you know Mac I listened to
way way back in the day I still listen
to the SModcast the Kevin Smith podcast
I don't even know if he does that one ah
because eight other podcasts back when
podcasts are still relatively new
this game it's just I'm being some balls
heart because that's literally the dawn
off the game just fun bullet hill action
you know doesn't need to be balls hard
goddamn it is there an easy well that
was just on yeah I was trying to go but
walk between them rather than dodging
like a practice kind of thing sure
between there now I'm never gonna get
better otherwise that's true spod cast
of Sylvain great great it's doing good I
had to armors Jam to both gone
like that nothing so that is that is a
life you are born you struggle you die
you die you die
hmm let's see here you find that what
nerd poker with Brian Posehn and Friends
they played the MD it's great there's a
lot of stuff I really wish I had i i i
would love-- there was a point of my
life when i was doing a lot of editing
work that didn't require audio like a
lot of that like post work after-effects
work and oh yeah i could turn on a
podcast or an informational show or just
even have a show on in the background
that I could listen to I'd love that but
that's not where I am at this point it
would be nice
near as much damage as I figured at one
decent chunk
nope
that's a one-shot kill for those guys
that's nice so that's nice rate to which
projects you have more fun working on
previously recorded half in the bag half
in the bag wet what the press the worst
fun so what we're playing I mean really
right like Metal Gear survived that
wasn't a picnic but sometimes it feels
like a chore absolutely the actual
filming of it easily best
oh yeah yeah that's that's a ton of I'll
even agree on that that's just a ton of
fun yeah just get to make jokes about
bad movies boom gosh started why don't
we suck that water not suck
I can't help myself I suck
Jack only a couple episodes into the
expanse I only like Tom James character
should I stick with it yes dr. chug
but mud I I've said this a zillion times
but the characters in the expanse are
kind of generic stick with it for the
story the story is fantastic you will
end up loving the characters only
because they advance the story and it's
worth it it's absolutely worth it the
characters kind of generic Thomas Jane
is great but like I'm to the point now
you know I've fallen so in love with the
story that now the characters are just
you know they're old friends Oh Amos
crazy Amos he's he's a nut so he's
always saying the the the weird
nihilistic things I aim is I like that
yeah that's a that's a go-to gun right
there that's a go-to gun hunt Rebecca I
haven't read them but my wife loves the
expanse books that's that's why like I I
told her about the show and she had
already read the books ah I'm gonna
go back in and scare the rat off
oh that's great you can create little
little death traps for people
die do you need to kill the source or a
place because is that green thing over
his head
overkill
overkill the expense books aren't where
ever expanding to read list yep that's
how it works I'm sorry I'm sorry to add
to that list to you furry friend but
it's at work sometimes oh he did not
like that accident dude cinnamon I know
I've been I've been talking with one of
the expanse authors I know
yeah you just you just hold still
wait right there and please don't move
cuz I saw I got a present for you let's
see what we got here yok the Moose says
played rim world no no I think you guys
really look serious isn't it yes I think
you guys would really enjoy it the
interpersonal relationships of randomly
spawned characters is amazing thanks for
the great stream tonight I wonder if
it's based off of the same is that a
terry pratchett remote think so
hmm but you might be thinking of
Discworld Discworld that's what I'm
thinking of Discworld Thank You Chet
that is what I'm thinking of thank you
just let's see what we got here lewd
lewd e croissant I says hey Jack I know
you do a lot of editing and I'm trying
to get into it as a side job slash
profession and I was wondering if you
had any advice I know you said you fell
into it but anything would be
appreciated the fine define projects
that will get you noticed this it's kind
of the same about getting noticed
anywhere else is you got to find
projects start editing stuff and if that
means shooting your own stuff you know
flip out your give your iphone and shoot
some stuff and edit it you know people
people need to see your work before
they're gonna hire you and unfortunately
that's kind of the way of the business
so yeah start making some stuff I did I
started editing kind of by not by
accident but just because I was the only
one to edit and the reason that I have
customers now is because they've seen my
work on other stuff and said hey come
and make stuff for me and that's how it
works for me so you know is there a band
that you like locally send them an email
and say hey can I make you a music video
if there's a you know to start making
dreamworld is not practical okay we've
established that as Discworld yes I
think I think that's that's the same
with a lot of you know kind of these you
know quasi creative jobs or whatever yet
you got a it's unfortunate that you have
to kind of prove yourself before you
even have a foot in the door but it was
a little under half health so very close
I'm sorry rich what time we have we are
at 9:50 so what you want you want to
play which we've been we've been
streaming for about three hours if if
you are done coming after that I am done
I would love to please yeah do it
all right close out this window I gotta
login
I'm never gonna be good at that game
that's okay I am never gonna be good I'd
love to be good at that game but I'm
never going to be good at that game you
know your strengths man that's okay
you'll be right back
I'm gonna change our change your thing
really quick yeah okay great yeah you
know it's it's been so long since since
I started out oh you know what I'm gonna
start downloading because now I have
both expansions so I got a download the
other expansion hold on we got a log in
here it's been so long since I got
started editing and you know I I started
with with kind of comedy videos no
excuse me that's not what I want to
happen and so you know for me it was it
was kind of a count you guys can't see
this you guys can't see this
ah did I do it I did it great so now
let's go to the future and go to manage
installation and install blood and wine
because someone someone sent me the the
blood and wine dlc and actually the you
have a DSC I appreciate that whoever
sent me the gifts of all the Witcher DLC
I really appreciate it so we'll start
downloading this while we start talking
about stuff so you know for me it was it
was you know kind of dumb comedy videos
and that's what I started editing and
obviously those were stuff I made myself
or with the people around me and that's
what got me noticed s-- and then i was
able to you know the people that noticed
me i was able to talk to them and they
were talking to businesses and we
smooshed it together and and i just kept
making stuff and I know that's a oh my
god this is an 8 gig download this is
gonna take a little bit this is gonna
take a little bit we might have to play
something else
Wow maybe I'll speed up will see what
mine is so good I I don't know if I have
gotten to any of the expansion stuff yet
I'll be honest with you
the inventory system got a real work
over with the new expansion and I'm not
sure it was included in the base version
great Hinds II I have not played
overwatch in quite some time in fact I
think I might have deleted overwatch for
my hard drive because I haven't played
it in months
I might be over overwatch
so Jack how did people notice you how
did they know it was you who created
what they were looking at actually for a
while they didn't because I was behind
the camera they didn't know I created it
luckily they talked to the people who
were in front of camera and those people
said hey you know this is the guy who
made him my first couple of videos I was
making with my cousin and he was in
front of the camera and so they got
ahold of him because they saw him so
which is this huh
oh my old videos you know my old comedy
videos and so they're saying how did
they know you made it but but also like
it was it was under you know back in the
Funny or Die days it was who knew you
made it funny you're dying
yeah yeah like funny I knew I made it
and other people to like you know we got
we don't typically you put your name in
the credits well but you know what for a
lot of Internet videos you don't owe
Internet videos yeah I guess that makes
Internet videos you don't really put
your name in the credits but you do put
your name in the description yeah and of
course you know they hopefully they can
find you through your channel but like I
guess that's a bit of advice it's right
there but put contact info your
deception
what you know what they call it in the
biz rich a little call to action well
you you have a home base for people to
go to at the end of your internet video
you give some place for people to go to
follow you yeah and so but you know like
firfer like the jobs that rolled out of
that they got a hold of
me through my Funny or Die page and
they'd say hey we see that you made this
and we want to do something like this
but for our corporation and I said okay
give me mumsy and very luckily that was
in the early days of internet video so
they didn't know they shouldn't be
paying me that much but yeah we just got
a little bit of download here oh there
was someone someone was very kind and
gifted me the other expansion which I
started you know that's on the save file
now so we just have to download this
other expansion which is a little bit
beefier than the first expansion but
it's getting there so we just got a
jibber for a little bit we just got a
jibber for a little bit it's not the
last tip you read then there about the
editing is a side job yeah yeah I think
so well you know I was like oh I also
remember that I you know Myatt my tips
and tricks might not mean anything
because I also got incredibly lucky the
the reason that I was noticed on Funny
or Die was because of a server error
this is this dumb little video event
that I that I shot and and helped edit
we'd put it up on YouTube and you know
of course these were the wild days of
YouTube so no one really noticed it and
then we heard wind of this crazy little
website called Funny or Die yeah oh you
know that comedy video we shot when we
were trying to make a dramatic movie
because that's why we shot it let's put
that up on funnier guys couldn't be Will
Ferrell's new website that'll be great
and back in the Funny or Die days every
new video uploaded was the first video
that you saw after the landlord okay so
you'd watch the landlord and then you go
right to Funny or Die and it was just
whatever most recent video was on the
front page and then years got loaded and
then ours got loaded and then the
servers crashed
so for like four to five hours you lucky
son of a bitch our video was the first
thing people saw after the landlord
right and so and so you know of comeno
did people notice but you know more
importantly the people at Funny or Die
noticed they said holy that look
looks that's so bad how did you guys
make that we're like we made it in our
backyard and you know we've been looking
for a couple idiots to make stuff for us
so you know honest and then Funny or Die
went under there a very successful
company still to this day tech that's
right Hunchback jack technical
difficulties basically gave me my career
technical difficulties can be their
friend be lucky and listen luck has a
lot to do with it sure it's not the
first time technical difficulties led to
somebody else's success right yeah right
yeah all the time
well yeah you know but but you know the
other side of that coin is I was
prepared for the lucky moment right
right and so that's that's the other
part of it and then you know then yeah I
started making my weird the you
know the high five videos and that got
me noticed by these people and these
people and then we started merchandising
and all that fun stuff so I don't know
just keep making until you get
lucky yes that's the moral of the story
okay does make until you catch that
break and there's no catching that break
unless you're making first yeah
like no one's you're not gonna you're
never gonna stumble into an elevator
with Steven Spielberg and Steven
Spielberg's and go hey you got any ideas
for a movie you got a make first
and
then you stumbled you need the opening
yeah but then you need to take the shot
but it's one thing for Funny or Die to
notice you but then you have to make the
most out of it well sure but they
wouldn't have noticed me in the first
place if I hadn't made anything in the
first place see getting Steven Spielberg
to even give a yeah what you're
saying that's just that's just the first
hurdle cuz after after you have his ear
yeah then you still have to impress him
that's true that's true and if you don't
have anything to impress him then you're
done yeah yeah you've done but you know
let's say you made some you go hey
you want to see some okay
I like that Becky got wiped Becky got
places okay cancel the Spielberg
elevator plan well that's you know I who
is I think like um Peter Dinklage I had
a really great interview about kind of
like the the the way you know the
industry works and how you know like you
have to be lucky but it's not just about
being lucky because there's years of
hard work to get you to that stage where
even being lucky matters yeah and so you
know but that's what that's I guess what
I'm safe for career options the medical
profession here is always hiring just
get a nine-to-five get a
nine-to-five and have a steady paycheck
I don't know what a steady paychecks
like anymore but hey that's fine Haidee
tqk eggs I'm not even try and pronounce
that that's great says hi guys way
off topic but I was wondering what were
your thoughts on removing ghost images
from monitors and TVs tried a few things
but no luck yet oh I'm sorry
thanks for any tips
never I've never really had this problem
okay but the image burned into the
screen is what I believe they're talking
about yeah yeah yeah
Mike Mike well my grandmother had that
problem she had this old giant ancient
TV yeah and the WGN logo was I can
permanently burned the bottom corner of
course it would be great yeah but I
think was there to the TV died yeah
that's you're gonna have a lot more luck
with a Google search my friend I've also
never dealt with that I try my hardest
to make sure the screen savers come on
in time the TV GaN logo oh yeah what's
the most boss you guys I've
ever faced in a game the orphan of cause
is certainly is currently making me
question what I'm doing with my life oh
is that the one that's just the electric
goop monster no the orphan of cost is
the is the final final boss of the DLC
okay oh and he saw I have not faced any
of the later bosses of the DLC yeah no I
faced Ludvig that was it oh yeah yeah no
the orphan of cost will make you
question everything you know about
blood-borne like none of the other get
of the rest of the game matters none of
the rest of the game is as difficult as
the orphan of cost okay yeah and I don't
I did because blood-borne is so hard I
don't know whether or not the orphan of
cost is fair or not because that's kind
of the game but yeah the orphan is
a son of a bitch and because of the
level there's no real good cheese option
here it's just you got to get good and
get good hard
I get good hard not good and hard that's
a whole different thing just good hard
but it's good all right so it's not a
boss if it's good hard is it is
it a boss
it's it's bordering you you you wouldn't
be familiar with this but I think a game
that's got real bosses yeah
Ninja Gaiden - okay the might be
Nintendo version but the the Xbox 360
version okay
very specific yeah well cuz there's a
good to place a lot differently in the
first one first one's got some difficult
but I still think good boss fights so
ultimately fair most most of the boss
fights a Ninja Gaiden 2 are just kind of
battles of attrition meaning
what
just spam the attack there's no real
good in same time it's just
fights almost all around all right
that's fair
you just gotta keep spamming a tag and
hope your health holds out long enough
yeah I'm healing to tank it yeah yeah
I'm trying to trying to think of I'm
trying to think of a game situation
where a boss came in and it completely
changed how the game was played for just
one boss and you're like latin latin but
i it's hard for me to think of this
stuff like that well I could just be a
change of pace you know that's
necessarily oh yeah like I'm
thinking of stuff it like Psycho Mantis
in Metal Gear Solid do you remember the
psycho made that's not I
was weird weird
messed with the control has kind of
needed but it was weird
where's Witcher 3 already we're about
halfway done with the download so give
me five more minutes thank you whoever
gifted Jack to the other DLC they really
do appreciate it and and I've been
trying to I've been trying to sneak a
little with your time here there I had
to make a rough call last night where
you know it's like I really gotta really
gotta finish records here I really need
to finish that so I had to put down the
witcher 3 unfortunately no streams not
ending we're waiting for a download just
waiting for a download excuse me it's
gonna be Ludvig and blood-borne with no
weapons and only and it only took 40
minutes that's the part of that I have
mode the most trouble believing just the
time I just I love it people this is
this is the great thing about Pete what
people do with like free time on their
hands this is what I'm saying about like
the joy of getting bored it's like ah
let's beat Ludwig with no weapons
it let's do something dumb see that's
not bored that's just an additional
challenge to extend your your the
replayability of a game you love right
but that that wouldn't come you don't do
that just because you're born oh I think
you do I think I think you're so bored
of other games that you only want to
play blood-borne and so you need to find
something to make blood-borne
interesting so you do something dumb I
think it's a game you love yeah you've
done everything else there is to do in
that game yeah and this is something
that's weird it's funny and it's a lot
of bragging rights if you could do it
it's like it's like a lot of bragging
rights to like a dozen people like you I
was impressed oh oh I'm very impressed
but there's more than a dozen people but
like if you go to a job interview and
put
that on your resume you're not gonna
like put on a resume like I like
building gingerbread houses you know I
think you find the right boss he's gonna
be super impressed by that forty minutes
40 minutes you barehanded dude Jesus cry
know what you know you got the skills
look at that that shows a lot of
commitment dedication dedication these
and that's that's the future boss that's
the boss of the future yeah that boss
he's not gonna be impressed by
gingerbread houses all right okay I'm
sick of you making fun of my gingerbread
houses rich they're fun to build and you
can eat them what's the problem what
does rich his greatest gaming
achievement well this is well before we
stream but I did be Ninja Gaiden Sigma
okay the PlayStation 3 version on normal
no depth
nice yeah I mean that was impressive to
me that was impressive doesn't count
because there's no recording I know
whatever I did it for me yeah I did for
me out of out of the things that count
obviously not left for dead
Dead Rising Dead Rising no death Ronnie
perfect yeah perfect
yeah no death you know I think it's
pretty good I don't have any of these
achievements really just because I don't
play games like that but that's fine
that's fine bill hecka says bill la eka
I'm correcting you a lot tonight Jack
great thanks but Time Warner doesn't own
spectrum back in o8 Time Warner spun off
Time Warner Cable becoming two separate
companies charter bought Time Warner
Cable about two years ago and merged
becomes spectrum 18 T bought Time Warner
what same same reason that now different
people have the rights to Star Trek
movies to Star Trek TV shows are
you telling me it's all
everything's all the time
I am chat I am glad mal radical that you
thought the dr1 no death run was amazing
but trust me thank God a ninja I
didn't know Ted that's oh yeah that's a
that takes him that takes some patience
take some skill jack well some patience
to know I'm not there anymore but I
really had to be in the zone at the time
to do that hmm I came was not easy
I do you think you could do it again
Dead Rising maybe maybe someday Dead
Rising just required strategy timing you
know patience does not require
amazing reflexes we're forgetting about
another major rich achievement here huh
the FTL no pause wrong oh yeah I was
pretty cool that was wicked
that was pretty wicked that was a wicked
run I I surprised myself
yeah I fully expected to die that night
yeah well I think I named the ship the
doom yeah yeah dude the already dead
right yeah yeah we I didn't after the
game Doom but he's bad Lena that because
they were doomed
yeah it was doom there's no pause
there's no way that's gonna work
whoops yeah yeah yeah that's a great
achievement I wonder how common that is
the FTL no pause run I've seen somebody
doing why
that's where I got the idea oh okay
great no pause first try that's true
that's true would we ever play no man's
sky again no no I'll play I'll play that
other game that seems to be no man's sky
but better the the toy spaceship game
with Star Fox star little okay yeah star
link looks like a neat game cuz it looks
like I can actually do something in the
game
I suppose way as opposed to no man's guy
oh okay okay
star link looks like for a second
because I was thinking of that what was
another rogue like spaceship game you're
playing with all the asteroids
everywhere and I was bitching because
space wouldn't have that many asteroids
literally everywhere oh yeah yeah the
one though the roguelike oh what
was that game I don't remember that was
not a bad game chance ever space oh
that's it ever space Oh Chet you kind of
just a little bit after rich did ever
space yeah that was fun that was a fun
game no no the StarLink looks like
they've they finally someone has finally
rented the no man's sky planet
generation engine and then they put a
good game on top of it yeah you know we
could actually like do something with
the spaceships fight people that'd be
nice do some stuff rich how the hell do
you mean XCOM - what no deaths that game
is hard well then I certainly didn't do
it I'm at first it's kept yeah at some
point once once your troops are all good
and it kind of snowballs in your favor
yeah you have better troops cuz you
haven't lost anybody and then once you
start getting better equipment that that
also helps positive feedback loop yeah
yeah positive feedback loop yeah
did you guys see the $27,000 pack
you can buy for StarLink they're gonna
make so much money like so much money
nerds love spaceships you can't seem to
spit the last boss and Dead Rising to
death you need here's the trip you need
to drink the Spitfire before you get
into the Jeep at the end of the game cuz
after the Jeep section once you get on
the tank for the final battle you lose
on your inventory items stay a little
bit a little bit before right before you
get in the drink in the Jeep you drink
that and it should still be active after
the Jeep chase okay and then you have
the Spitfire on the boss and that's how
you take health down on the boss with
the Spitfire and the spinning mad spit
out Tips & Tricks
here I'm pre prep my rookies always die
yep that's the downside to the positive
reinforcement loop we're very sorry play
the seventh okay we already played the
7th guest you I'm not playing to
you which way do we go now
triste up in here yeah down
there tone says hey Jack hey question
for you Yahweh so many people hate
listening to recordings in their voice
as it does not sound like what we expect
since you have to edit yourself
constantly and you've gotten used to the
sound of your own voice on recordings
yes that must be the case of me because
whenever I've watched like something I'm
in bed Pregracke or best of the worst or
whatever it doesn't sound weird to me
well I haven't even thought of it well
and you've been listening to your voice
on tape for significantly longer than I
have yeah yes you I mean you've been
making videos with Mike since the
beginning of times right and space so
for you is it just has to be second
nature at this point I guess I handy I
hadn't even really thought of it
like I didn't really start hearing my
idea I was never in front of the camera
basically until best of the worst yeah
yeah cuz I'm like I always shot stuff
okay guys behind I was yeah
so like I'd performed you know like I've
been on stage many many times but I had
never been in front of the camera
talking but you know yes you get used to
it so spewpa getting pie one of the rare
times where you were on camera then
before you know best of the worst and
all that
oh yeah but I mean I'm on camera for
what like to session uh --then exactly
exactly like that the little the little
bit that I did in the Grabowski right
like I I was never an on-camera person
so yeah rich isn't supporting a new look
so much as he just wasn't too lazy to
get his haircut today you did it
yeah congratulations thank you thank you
what's there a voice packs for me and
now on XCOM - that would be that would
be too weird I don't meet a character to
have my voice that would just be too
weird yes yes that would be very weird
guys we're at 90% we're at 90%
downloaded you're doing it Jack oh
really you are doing it I really want to
play I'm so excited to play I I I'm
happy that uh that I did this and I'm
even happier that I did this not on
stream totally that which anyone
who plays The Witcher knows what I'm
talking about that uh that blonde which
I forget her name
totally boned her your kids watching god
I could
they were watching earlier though and I
could sense it going that direction and
I knew there was sex in the game so I
was like and you guys are done that is
so creepy the kids away so he can watch
the sex scene in his video game I waited
until they were they're gonna be telling
a therapist about that no they were in
bed they didn't and I turned the volume
way down
hey she gives you dinner first she does
she took me out on a nice date she was
she took me out a nice date made me a
very nice meal and then you know then
she then she witch drugged me and tried
to steal some from the haunted
Tower okay and then I stopped her from
stealing the so it was a it was it
was a it was a adorable little side
quest to the witch what does Lisa
think about this luckily she did not
walk into my office for that how
embarrassed oh no I wouldn't have been
embarrassed at all I would have had a
little bit of explaining to do honey sit
down but we need to have a talk this
isn't I yeah it isn't porn this is not
pornography I know it looks like
pornography but this is not pornography
this is an adult interactive video game
experiences of but not that kind of
adult this is a story it's part of a
bigger thing honey going on why do you
look disappointed why is it because of
the video game sex yeah yeah I kind of
thought that all right we'll see you
later
how's your nudity oh yeah yeah that's
twitch handle that that's a good
question
yeah like if I what if I accidentally
come across another sexy yeah I don't
know all right we're fun all right
Jonty says hi guys ever play the Ratchet
and Clank games yeah oh good because I
haven't have any thoughts I would
recommend the third one that's the game
take it to its max potential at my
opinion vertigo the first one felt like
the Deb's we're still trying to find
their feet oh I can you turn the game on
what oh oh sure turns the gala so