Jul 25, 2018
End
twitch.tv/videos/289348066
youtube.com/watch?v=op1sxzbWkeo
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1022220044980428801

this is all we can do if if it's
stuttery or laggy there ain't nothing we
can do about it it's only appropriate
that our final stream has technical
issues it's just plagued with horrible
technical issues like the fact that they
can't see rocket League what is
happening I don't know I don't know why
that's four by three right darkness wait
oh oh shit I know don't touch anything
everything's fine don't touch anything
everything's fine nope shit I think I
just installed star wars dark forces how
did it get over there I don't know what
okay so everything's broken are we
streaming right now yeah cuz
everything's broken so hideously
appropriate we have not had this many
problems in quite a long time
that's the fates yeah it's the fates
it's I mean who accidentally installs
dark forces on all right I went to click
play on rocket League and apparently it
jumped me over to Star Wars dark forces
and I don't know why and now it's even
worse they're saying oh my god do you
see that according to US according to
the little counter up there it says zero
dropped frames I know I know
hold on for a second let me over H you
gotta do this thing okay let me check
let me check our let me check how bad we
are in in our actual thing here you know
because I can do that I can just watch
us should be able to why are we
we're alive right now or happen well I
can't oh here yeah all right I should be
able to just watch us and okay so now
I'm gonna move real fast and see if I
see any jittering do you hear me you can
hear me again in stereo you know it
looks acceptable there's what I'm gonna
sound bad is the audio desync it's
acceptable also why is rocket League in
four by three hold on oh my god
oh my god what is happening okay here
okay so now I will go back to full
screen and go to resolution and do a
proper what is it dad
big top one 1920 by 1080
take up there here we go great there we
go
okay create private match arena random
oh yeah let's do a snow day I love snow
day I'm trying to go through by three
again I don't think that's gonna happen
but I love snow day so we're gonna go
snow day we're gonna go to recommend it
we're gonna say joinable by name
password and we are gonna say that the
that fixed none of our problems I I'm
sorry I don't know how to fix it
right
this room is rec rec with the password
pre pre rec rec is the room pre pre is
the password yeah we have no answer we
have note we're not stream ologists some
people get better with experience and
well then there's pre req look none of
our settings have changed from the last
good stream we had nothing has changed
nothing has changed that's the crazy
part rich is nothing ever changes we
just have good days and bad days whoa
social geometers were possibly social
geometer yeah but I'm prone to thinking
it's social geometers I like it says
never thought I'd spend this much time
listening to people chat while playing
video games
I'm not even much into video games but
I'll certainly miss the stream so long
and thanks for all the witch lol fizzle
my shnizzle
thank you almost some zoo says I'm going
to be away from a gaming computer for
seven months with access only to a 2008
laptop that can play at best maybe Dark
Souls 1
maybe y'all have any recommendations for
Low's system requirement RPGs could be
emulated or not
RPGs RPGs I don't have many good
recommendations there yeah I think you
gotta you gotta go total indie game
though if you're if you're uh
oh wait wait the talk about Dark Souls
if they think Dark Souls is an RPG yeah
then I'm gonna say you know classic
Wolfenstein 3d wait maybe doom classic
doom doom is not an hour there's no
leveling up either neither is fucking
Dark Souls right you can upgrade stuff
Dark Souls you can put skill I mean if
it's anything like blood-borne right you
can put skill points somewhere that's
like a that's the RPG element they're
talking about right there's game audio
it's just super quiet
hey oh I love hockey you level up in
Dark Souls technically you level up in
Super Mario Brothers no you don't when
you get bigger
that's not leveling shit is that's a
that's a metric for your health that's a
the mushroom is a is a glorified health
meter in Dark Souls one of the things
you level up is specific upgrade for
your help right but oh come on now
you're being semantical how dare you how
dare you be semantical no but also like
I can your machine can of machine that
old handled Dark Souls I'd be really
worried about that like isn't that
notoriously finicky on computers I'm
gonna assume they know what their laptop
is capable of sure sure
oh shut up rich why don't you quit this
dream
fine then just because of Mario talk it
was all a big joke but now now we're big
serious
you got to win one Jack I'm we're
winning right now I haven't done
anything but we're winning so I think
you know I think we're gonna win
I got blowed up I got blown up yeah
y'all's was joking but there's a dune
rogue like this flat out of doom RPG on
and Reuters in iOS oh yeah there there
is a legitimate doom RPG two of them
actually the one I don't the first one I
don't think he'd even get any more oh
yeah
nope
all right um dead cells hello night not
sure how they play on old machines yeah
the kid put up 3d so you presume a game
like that will run okay on a slightly
older computer oh yeah dead cells you
might get some yeah I guess that's an
RPG sure whatever I'm just saying like
you might you might get some play out of
that if you only if you have a cheap
computer you know what you're really
looking for here is just something I'll
fuck I always miscalculate riding on
walls you're just looking for something
to play Oh yep you meet a little rocket
Wow no nope nope nope you need a little
rocket get my way get out of my way
little pail
really
what I'm saying is all you're looking
for is just something that you can get a
decent amount of playtime out of yeah
you know so you don't want to like do my
stats you level up do people consider
that an RPG like what stats do level up
and do your armor and various things you
upgrade through the suit right but
that's that's not like stats you level
up that's finding online that's it's
differing you new incremental
improvements on them that's so leveling
up if no it's not no it's not even your
guns have different tiers yeah but it
doesn't that go away don't it all doom
old doom
I'm talk about new doom well you can't
run new doom on an old computer I'm just
talking about what what is what would
classify as an RPG oh okay ah maybe then
if you're talking new doom by the you
just level up stats doom 2016 as an RPG
ah you know and I think at that point
the label RPG is kind of meaningless
when anything can be an RPG I'll allow
this I'll allow it
I'll allow this form of conversation to
happen it's crazy but I'll allow it
Oh much little too much oomph too much
of well someone hit me from behind
yeah we did it forget it
Wow oh nice flames all right
everybody who played get out of here
everybody leave we need more people to
come in don't let the door hit you in
the ass on the way out peace out
dickheads get out of here
madam says guys me and my pal have been
lurking in chat from the very beginning
I thought we'd take this chance for our
first tip ever greetings from Argentina
and thanks for all the entertainment God
is our doshas I wish rich could still
joy the first two and three-quarter mass
effect games on their own all right even
without the ending I don't like the
third one on their own merits because
they have some of the best storytelling
and atmosphere in video games that's
very similar to classic Star Trek
universe and even in dromeda has some
good things the Mass Effect was like the
best elements of Star Trek with the best
elements of Star Wars Trek and wars
married hmm and then three happened and
for some reason it was 2001 a Space
Odyssey look yeah they like to go Artie
are you knocking it away oh no nevermind
the the orange gold look blueish to me
for some reason
yeah
now
oh we should play top 40 music in the
background what are they gonna do d
monetize you I really enjoyed the first
one the second one had irritating
dumbing down of the inventory if I
remember actually I thought the
inventory in the first Mass Effect was
kind of obnoxious too many too many
weapons that had like very minor stat
differences there were like 100 weapons
that use the same skin and one was a
hundred damage the other one was a
hundred and two damage sure sure
but but I'm plus one and there is like
8000 fucking weapons to switch up on so
I actually like the inventory better in
two you know I think like it's one of
those things where if someone is really
nuts about stuff like that like like
finding those incremental differences
that's gonna that's gonna make the game
for them and for someone like you that's
going to and and for me as well I think
I also would just get I think I would
also get very sick of that like that was
my that was a big problem I had with
Borderlands is eventually there's just
too many gun options you know each with
their own my new nice each with their
own like my new tiny little point five
percent more damage plus negative point
three flame damage and yeah what do I
want you know and eventually it's just
like give me that give me a fucking gun
give me a gun that I can use
oh my god Mass Effect 1 when sovereign
first talks to Shepard was such an
intense experience one of the most
awesome moments in any game ever in any
story ever talking to Sovereign for the
first time
that that rep
when you learned that the bad guys
spaceship wasn't a spaceship but
actually a living thing oh thanks for
the push DeLorean I didn't have any
boosts but you helped a severely
powerful and dangerous living thing woo
and he was trying to bring all of his
friends to the party
it was the oh shit moment yep and I
assume I assumed he just didn't it was
one of those moments that you just did
not see coming
and so it had it resonated yeah nice ah
isn't that wrong using your butt jack oh
yeah no but that's my barks both MC
Lucas and I had the exact same idea and
both of us failed as there is the
problem with that
I agree whatever works but we both tried
to fuck we both tried stop in short to
block it and it did not work
nope do with deal with it yep
yeah we did it I think someone was
pushing me again if that works like was
that you again dill Horan no hockey
hockey is great I don't think well sure
I don't think we're gonna be able to
read off its just start barrel and was
that my fault that might have been my
fault I i refreshed and I can't even
find where I left off oh my god
oh my god
you can do it rich I believe in you all
right all right I gotta find where I
left off
nope not good enough not good enough
Christian Gregson says really enjoyed
all the Friday the 13th streams have
been watching from week them for weeks
now at the office next time you're in La
dinner and board-gaming is on me you
know you say that but that you know I'll
take you up on it
I'll take you up on it and then you got
it then you got to put out yeah some
board games for us to play general Gore
says rich question I've been
procrastinating on for a while
I watched you play dark forces on your
2015 9 hour Thanksgiving stream I was
wondering what mod you use to get full
mouth look thanks for the hours of
entertainment
lol FM C alright that's that's not a mod
alright dark forces is a doom clone set
in Star Wars okay and the original doom
didn't have Mouse look actually you
couldn't look up or down we can use you
can aim you can move left and right turn
with the mouse but you couldn't look up
or down and either neither could dark
forces okay
doom has Mouse look now because it's
software released the source code and
people have been tinkering with that
game for like 20 years sure something
absurd dark forces they never released
the source code
oh so somebody because he couldn't make
a source port hey guys get out of here
we're gonna make room for to the next
people was basically like backwards
engineering the new engine for the game
from scratch really and they never
finished so it's not perfect I don't
think every stage is you can I don't
think you can beat every stage like some
triggers are missing oh but it's called
dark excel I believe dark excel I think
I think the last version of the engine
they'd changed the name and added
support for some other games I forget I
forget what the name ended up it's
something excel help okay if you search
for just dark excel you could probably
find it okay and that's so you can play
dark forces with with mouse look yes and
other snazzier
resolution type stuff Wow okay cool all
right we're back to soccer large track
says after watching about a thousand
hours of your streams over the years
I hear you're quitting gesture ruse to
finally get some money out of me that
would be horribly ethical and I would
not do that well here's a dollar
here's $10 but it's working right since
I know it is it's working now we're even
a penny an hour a fair honest race PS
I'll miss the streams thank you guys a
penny an hour that's what I work for you
know what I'll take it I'll take it
shit shit shit no oh that was yeah yeah
yeah Juke to me I did a great job
awful waffle says find out about you
guys from buddy while while stationed in
the Middle East and I'm in a way both
wait wait wait wait wait
word got cut off midline and it threw me
off awful awful says find out about you
guys from a buddy while stationed in the
Middle East and then a way both of you
were on the front line on the war on
terror thanks for the laughs you
magnificent bastards look forward to see
what's next on the horizon
thank you all falafel thank you for your
service Thunder Sona says prereq my
favorite quote canceled my subscription
to the resurrection send my credentials
to the House of Detention I have some
friends inside Jim Morrison and the
doors cancel my subscription to the
resurrection send my credentials to the
house of detection Oh bye thank you
crash man 3 1 6 says thank you for all
this awful schlock but a sincere thanks
for excellent content for many years
you're welcome thank you for watching
well hisin beard says wanted to say that
I thought your review discussions were
great and really added to the whole game
review scene sad to see those end lol
fuck my heart Oh God oh I think that was
supposed to be a sweet sentiment
pixilated pianist says a pianist
hey Jack enrich been watching since the
start but this is my first time live
because Europe I wanted to thank you
from the bottom of my heart for the
years of entertainment and everything
you did and will do in the future
continued in part 2 which Lord knows
where that is but thank you
dear voices Venture Brothers related
would you like to see doc hammer and
Jackson public as guest on best of the
worst they do The Venture Brothers
yes sad to see the only source of Arlen
backstage stories going Beck's backstage
stories going have haven't send us an
email
get out of there get out nope oh my god
nope that was almost a beautiful set
Jack my own goal right no I'm all
twitterpated ah sometimes just need to
grab a little air oh I wasn't thinking
fast enough yeah almost some Zeus is
rich can you please say a sunny bonds
wake up you lazy bum it's time for PT
Sonny Bond Sonny buy us the voice right
yeah yeah Sonny
wake up you lazy bum time for PT how you
going to impress the ladies with your
hot bod if you sleep in you fat fuck
don't be a dirty hippie there's
something along those lines
thanks welcome
banned Rhys is rich and Jack I've been
watching for yours mostly on YouTube
like a douche oh that's why we put him
there cuz some people can't make it like
yeah but I made sure to watch your final
stream live to pay respects and money
and thanks for police quests Space Quest
Friday the 13th QWOP frog fractions rekt
my pre welcomed memories so many good
times memories Bucci says mine friends
mine frauds these few years of shit
children have made mild poverty not so
bad at all
nothing but sincere thanks for my 720
friends Rach Rach tchard and Rach Evans
oh and a long deserved five bucks spook
adieu thank you you're welcome
oh my god what happened
oh I hope you all saw that at the second
that I was about to like smack that ball
into the orange territory there was a
small network delay and so I jumped like
I jumped i teleported Jack grew the ball
Jack everybody is judging you
they should be I'm failing I'm a hundred
percent failing we couldn't even we got
shut out this game pixelated penises
part two you always kept prereq fresh
with interesting gaming topics cheeks
and format changes your streams were
great for great conversations and laugh
out loud moments thank you again
hope to see a return someday with po2
electric boogaloo get out of here
everyone thanks for playing with me get
out with more people to play with us now
you all leave other people come let's go
the farce awakens says rich I have
requested I have a request for a Don
Wilson sales pitch set up Don is trying
to sell a space
green on an orc themed amusement park
slash shooting range the twist chaos
space marines are going to attempt to
pirate the IP but don has an anti
pirating solution is it murder
this is anti-piracy solution murder all
right look well I appreciate you wanted
me to go to order Don Wilson Brett but I
got I think I got literally 38,000 tips
to read god damnit I don't know just put
a gun on it then the orcs can't get it
just put two guns on it that's better
just for two guns on it put two guards
on it and some butter I think they're
gonna swivel faster all that lubrication
from the butter I got a lot of butter
well I buy some of my better I got a
whole warehouse it's going bad the
butter I'm not too much butter that's
why that's why it's an anti a torque
thing cuz it smells just honestly
horrible
the weather cept when I was wearing TC
Brady says you know hi Ritchie I tried
to read a tip line quick thought I lost
my spot
DC Brady says hi Richard Jack thanks so
much for the years of content and helped
me a lot when I would come home from
work at 12 a.m. and you hack frauds
would be life I hope that you find a
plethora of enthusiasm for a next
project Hey all sorts true blue review
says from what you can recall what's
your favorite moment on the stream high
points for me are all of the board game
stream Jack being unable to get over it
chat leaking secrets the camera falling
during the PC building stream and
recently that toe shot specifically I
don't recall toe shot but I'd have to
say mega punch oh you taking on yeah you
taking on misty with just the fire
pokemon oh yeah oh and embarrassing the
rival right beforehand - yeah oh yeah
that was great mega punch was great -
there's just too many we've had we've
had too many good times
I've personally really enjoyed the the
adventure streams
oh yes adventure streams just because
then you know we do our little bits we
got our little we got our little running
gags we got a little story yes that's
how you do it I did it I did it I
stopped it I did it again you know any
for me it's like anytime we can get a
bit out of anything that's those are
always the best dreams
you got a bit out of this you did a good
thing
commissar doshas can rigidly set up a
Twitter profile that he will never know
how to use so I can at least have a
slight hope of him checking out my
nagging comic-book suggestions mark
Miller's red Sun Superman is more true
to the character than DC not EU has ever
been there's zero chance of me ever
being on Twitter
I know anyone it's a horrible place
sounds like nothing but trouble it's a
horrible place and you know you get kind
of addicted to it you will never see me
on Twitter
oh nice get out of here oh that oh he
was on my team I want to save Wow I got
confused on about whose team I was on
from oh so that's why I was hitting all
of the orange guys even though I'm on
orange so sorry sorry sorry bread I got
really confused I thought you know a
legitimate strategy you know a kind of a
dickhead strategy is to is to knock
around the other team a little bit you
know make it so they can't hit the ball
yeah you know you think they're going
for the ball say it knock into him yeah
you block Jesus age Chris oh my god that
was something how was it there for so
long and so I thought I'd knock into him
a little bit but apparently I was
knocking into my own team captain
dickhead
okay says I love you guys and wish that
I'd caught more of your streams life
thanks for all the fun times my only
request is this rich can you say drew is
the mean master Thanks
drew is the meme master there you go
motherfucker Optimus No says I've been
watching since the very first ex-con
stream and you've been a major part of
my weekly routine ever since you mean
you've given me more than you could ever
know so here's a hundred bucks worth of
thank you much love from Canada and
thanks for everything you're welcome
that's very generous of you fluff
salamander says I was so intrigued by
Jack's horizon streams that my
girlfriend bought me a ps4 for Christmas
last year no it's not one of my favorite
games of all time if it wasn't for
prereq that wouldn't have happened
thanks jack that's a nice girl no thanks
girlfriend I mean I'll take credit but
sounds it sounds like there's a biddy in
your life who need to thank you oh my
god wait for it oh my god oh we both
went for it we both went for it we both
failed nibbly says Jack I'm Jack would
you do a dialog for us
fuck bought 5,000 hello my name is fuck
buck all right fuck about 5,000 what's
your name and then Christian Bale I'm
Batman they want you to say hello my
name is fuck Bob 5000 what is your name
then Christian Bale doing I'm Batman do
you want to do this so I go hello I'm
fuck about 5,000 what's your name
I go hello I am fuck Bob Python it is me
fuck bought 5,000 what is your name
there you go there you go Jack the other
words all brother you humiliated
yourself for tips that's what we're here
for rich that's the whole purpose we're
here for thanks playing everybody let's
play another one boom evangelist prime
says you were and all we you were and
always shall be you were way how who
said how do these was he said that when
he was dying or is that you were and
always shall be my friend but he says
you were and always shall be my favorite
streamers thank you always
Spock suppose he says that what he's
dying right on yeah it's the raspy spark
yeah you were and are my favorite for
schreiber sound like a optimum primal
you that was very optimist yes jab jab
I'm dying the ship safe you were and
always shall be my friend I know it was
awful
look I never I never claimed to have a
good Spock dying impression p ER e p ER
e the new name and password is p ER e we
got kicked out of our other server so we
got to go to a new server p ER e your
gym was spa gym
Master Kenobi double-oh-seven misses one
last fun fact few hack frauds okay I
listed you in the dedication of my
master's thesis without your streams
giving me a break from the constant
writing and editing I don't know if I'd
have made it thanks again for everything
you're welcome
glad to help that's what we're here
working that we're here to be a bunch of
idiots too hopefully you know I give you
something to giggle about that's it
that's the whole idea
oh shit I forgot what button is Boost I
know how to play this game I've been
playing this game a lot don't worry I
know what's going on Malham you don't 91
says I understand how stagnation works
and how it could drag you down but I
still hope that in the future you guys
give us the odd honest review so long
and thanks for everything
glad to see you Hank's going out on top
that's right that's right on top number
one on Twitch know we're a minute we're
on top of the bottom 100 streamers this
is something we did it
huge asses says you got me through my
darkest and most lonely nights at med
school I'm about to be a doctor now and
couldn't thank you enough I will always
associate my days as a student with you
with yours with you positively uh-huh a
doctor well with your positivity oh I
read I saw that as positively my brain
and so I thought the or was a typo and
he meant you yeah but no that really was
your and the thing that I thought was
positively was positivity please know
that you're loved
lol will miss you both thank you thank
you tired sad says thanks for always
being a great resource for insightful
conversation listening to you while I
was editing over long hours always made
it better and cheered me up in dark
moments thank you for being a chill
oasis in the noise best regards and
take care I'll take out you know what
I'll take chill Oasis I'm okay with that
I'm okay being a chill Oasis
Chuck Fox says I want to shout out some
specific members of the chat the mod
team definitely definitely and dick
founders cinnamon trivia master leftover
beefcake ruler of the AI mr. shy smile
Elvis delvis and dick neutral also
Tiberius Kirk commits Ian 120 Jack
Turner Joyce more to come a lot of you
guys there there's a there's a lot
there's a lot of you dicks behind the
scenes that that really make that that
have made you know kind of us streaming
bearable in the first place oh no one's
there no one's there No oh good you know
there were there was a lot of just kind
of figuring out how the mods worked and
you know how how we would get through
the constant barrage of other dickheads
and you guys have done a great job of
helping us sort through all that crap
Defiance says hearing that you guys were
closing up on my birthday was the worst
present ever
but in all seriousness I have enjoyed
the past year of streaming content so
here's a token of appreciation make it
so prereq very cool
thumbs festival oh my god all the hits
all the hits that's appropriate
true-blue uses something can give your
opinion on some things one last time no
man's sky next is up is an update that
claims it's going to slowly bring out
all the stuff they promised a few years
ago do hello games deserve a shot at
redemption or is it too late I think as
far as most people are concerned it's
too late but if look if they do this and
it gets good word of mouth then it might
come to it come back to it I don't know
I never say never right that's the
that's the big thing I I don't I think
no matter what it's still too soon
yeah even even if even if this no man's
sky next is is perfect nobody would buy
a sequel and a lot of people still
already own the game I think an update
is the way to go oh absolutely but like
even if the update is perfect and
addresses all the problems it's you
think it's do you think it's too too
late
no no it's too soon like P the wound of
it's been over e well over a year yeah
yeah but gamers are huge dickheads who
don't forget so I think it's too soon I
think the wound is too fresh so don't
forget people bought Mass Effect
Andromeda now I bitched about it after
they bought it but no but it didn't sell
terribly forget well people do forget
but it didn't sell terribly well with
but I hit the floor I just let it hit
the floor all right all right here we go
over time I'm here so I think it'll take
a while I think it'll take at least
maybe another half a year until until
gamers are ready to give it a chance
Jack you got up you have to build up was
easy for me to say I'm not playing I've
played the well yeah you've got to build
up confidence in going airborne oh yeah
I've always been bad at that it helps
you get a lot of balls first hmm you
know it to me it's it's it's less
confidence in just more like figuring
out the timing sure but I mean if you
never try that is never going to happen
that's true now I say that yeah I'm
nowhere near a master oven but when I
was still playing I had improved a lot
hmm with with aerials oh yeah that's
elissa aerials is what separates
pardon the the gender coding but the
boys from the men
yeah like aerials is what is what
separates the the chumps from the
champions easy see that's the shit
that's the jet yeah it separates the
chumps from the champions yes it does
all because you you know what Jack oh
because you did that aerial I did that
awesome aerial nice
all right get out of here dickheads new
round we'll do one more game and then
we'll switch it up one more one more
rocket League then maybe some some what
fry at the fried 13th right along we've
been playing this an hour okay well we
can play forever for a little bit longer
maybe two more games
get out here hey nom you two get out of
here dude do you feel like you're done
oh that's the bad call cuz I could play
rocket League
oh you think they don't want that I
don't know I just don't know you know
what's a bad game for getting caught up
on tips what Friday the 13th that's true
last room there's a lot of stuff
happening in Friday 13 you're right
you're right
but is your call no no we can play this
for a couple more games Clem Fandango
says you guys are ending this all wrong
we're you needed to find a couple of
guest hosts to take over for you like
Carson did I suggest you do a podcast on
Babylon 5 just watch one episode every
week and chat about it okay we'll do all
of those things I just don't see that
happening I'll be really honest with you
a podcast dedicated to Babylon 5 what if
what if the podcast was like named
something like after Babylon 5 and every
episode of the podcast was named after
in the episode sequentially didn't talk
about that and just talk about current
events and just I think Kevin one of
Kevin Smith's
podcast is called Babylon yeah already
talked about Babylon 5 no no it's just
like you know babble babble on right so
we couldn't name it that okay name is
rich password capital j-jack capital are
rich name capital jjak password go
renegade zero says I was hoping you
would forego the required tip and stream
final fantasy 15
you can matte it now to play
as the Power Rangers instead of the ugly
anime boyband would have made a
legendary final stream but playing fun
games with with fans is a better idea
thanks I thought so you know why stream
you don't be growing about the fucking
Final Fantasy that's terrible it would
be but you know they would love it I
don't know me a lot of gnashing of the
teeth gnashing and grinding of teeth a
lot of gnashing and grinding of teeth
yeah yeah too late my old man reflexes
were too late
get out of my way shit shit
okay yep make sure you know hey
everybody make sure you pay attention to
who's in the goal if you have more than
one person in the goal you're doing it
wrong they Ultra Jesus I've been hung up
on the same girl for three years close
friends and she keeps teasing a future
she's seven months out of a three-year
relationship I understand she needs time
to recover but I need encouragement to
either keep waiting or move on mmm that
sounds like something you should talk to
her about yeah I mean thank you for
letting us know the story but um you
know I don't think we can help you also
just be prepared for the for the option
that you know she she's not looking for
anything maybe she's just being polite
we don't know we don't know what's going
on I'd like to give that a solid you
should move on but I don't know what's
going on I know what's going on in her
life or your life
there was one girl I was friends with
had a crush on mmm she wasn't interested
okay and I moved on and got over it and
then there was another girl I was
friends with who I had a crush on and
she was interested and we're still
together today uh-huh
so I I have contradictory advice either
will work or it won't but if she has
rejected you in the past does move on
move on don't close the door if it
happens something happens it happens but
I I don't know if I surround waiting for
her yeah oh do that I think that's
that's the real thing is don't don't sit
around wait you're nobody's doormat
you're a strong independent person you
don't need no man if she's rejected you
in the past move on dude yeah I that's
kind of where I'm leaning with this
you don't want to be some girls
consolation prize right because then
let's let's even say like if you're if
you're the the second choice let's even
say the relationship works out like
how's that gonna end up you know Oh long
hit long hit married but not
particularly happy yeah just gonna go
through the motions like I guess we're
together whatever right exactly
find you a girl who will buy you a ps4
like that other person find you if
unless they were making it up oh my God
we're going sometimes the time Oh
sometimes the time in but you know like
in between the goal and the shot oh
that's all right Captain Falcon didn't
see me yeah that's fine that's fine we
can still make this work nope
okay that's I don't get that set up no
we're all over here I got it I gotta
take a defensive position wise move wise
move that's all you that is all right
that was alright those complete well
played yeah that's the a general rocket
League rule if all of your teammates are
in front of you you've got to take a
defensive position Oh sneaky bastard
lost in technicolor says one more tip
for you fellas okay
waving goodbye from the side of the road
while sad Hulk music plays bye grumpy
rich
bye happy-go-lucky Jack grumpy rich
since 84 says truly grateful for all the
content you two have provided as part of
the discovered during unemployment
demographic you were always a good
source for a laugh during hard times
we'll miss the unscripted shenanigans
lol fuck the cock
those were my favourite shenanigans what
mostly because they were all unscripted
but you know beats train 11 says here's
$42 in honor of the subscriber month I
will apparently never make it to you
hack fucks
or just you fucks don't know why a brain
saw hack there does it always reading a
lot of tips god dammit
thank you Oh fucking nice shot Captain
Falcon we're kind of murdering look at
this look at the shot oh that's nice
that's nice oh there was just there was
no blocking that there was no way around
that
matías totally says hey guys I've never
tipped before so I better start now yep
absolutely rich what's your pink
favourite Pink Floyd album and do you
prefer Roger Waters or David Gilmour or
no preference Dark Side of the Moon
though there's some individual tracks on
the wall I love another brick in the
wall great so comfortably numb' but
overall as an album I'll give it the
dark side you know he had no boost I had
four boosts I I don't have a side and
Roger Waters or David Gilmour I just
hear music and say I like that music
dr. lu waddup says in heaven everything
is fine everything is fine all the time
mr. Chuck Fox says more shoutouts mr.
Gunn II Duke Leopold no life king zero
zero zero zero can mix e'en 120 again
dog by 13 crispy-fried men observe a
Tron 9000 Gino suave jimmy-jam 5 Galilee
cooks it's free fucks plus anyone who
has ever been nice to be in check oh
thank you everyone get you know the chat
rooms didn't so use the chat room for
movies and whatnot it's true that
doesn't that doesn't have to end it's
you know it's a it's a nice excute the
stream is a nice excuse for y'all to get
together I get that but yeah the
chatroom will still be around now you'll
have just have to find it you'll have to
find some other streamers chatroom to to
hang out in I'm sure there's plenty of
them
dirigible says writable I'll always be
thankful to you for letting us know how
much more to well how much more DC movie
suck the Marvel movies thanks for
everything guys
good luck on your future endeavors sucks
so much that's true they just suck so
much except for Wonder Woman that's
better than a couple of Marvel movies
but not the majority of them not the
majority of them but you know what a
woman's that's the exception not the
rule
you know I'm hoping in Wonder Woman -
you know patty Jenkins gets a little
more leeway so we don't get a you know
the Ares ending was a bad ending I'm
sorry I mean you know it's best it could
be I guess dr. Soni says doctors soya
neighs here's the 45 you would have
gotten if I had kept my subs for 48
months but since you're a bunch of damn
quit and quitters absolutely then I
guess I have to give it to you now my
only request is that I get a 48
motherfucking and also that you don't
end free wreck again I can't give it
that last one but dr. soya neighs for 48
goddamn motherfucking months in a row
thank you for subscribing and they tune
in free it's great it's great gala great
god beard man says hey rich and Jack
I've been watching you guys for a long
time on YouTube Australia I wanted to
say thanks for being there during the
lonely times the movie and game advice
and the laughs here is my money and
appreciation thank you
thank you urban vermin says I guess I'm
pressing f to pay my respects I have on
requests slash suggestion can rich get a
Twitter account never or take over the
prereq account no I know he's hesitant
but we will miss his opinion on things
anyway love you guys
thanks for all I I think you would have
to be foolish to be a celebrity who uses
Twitter it's it's nothing but trouble
haha that's nothing but trouble it's
nothing but so-and-so embarrassed
themselves on Twitter someone so got
fired because of Twitter it's never
going to happen
nice save nom nice save
it's crazy the amount the amount of
people who get in trouble because of
Twitter rohan says damn it like the one
person who should you know me no not you
fryer han says dammit you guys can't
leave it's too bad we are I still have
so many questions about Star Wars oh um
what color would your lightsaber be hmm
blue I guess blue Anna what dark blue
cuz you know what's you know what's
silly huh that the only colors are very
specific shades of blue green and red
that's silly I think that sell yes you
know what I I would go hmm I would I
would go kind of classic Star Wars and
just pure white okay like in the in the
what he called the Whitaker production
design drawings the and alright alright
the one purple one which you know what
is just 3 times as odd when the only
other ones you see green blue and red I
would go straight blank white did he
expect and the universe never explain
that shit I know they've used some kind
of bullshit logic to explain that what
why they're blue why there's only one
purple one I think actually in the books
there's a lot of you know he's got a
special one-of-a-kind fourth lightsaber
that hand of the wrong amount of force
put into it that was the impurity in the
crystal still allowed it to work but it
was purple
nice save thank you
you know the actual reason behind his
purple lightsaber is samuel l.jackson
personally requested a purple lightsaber
yeah that's the only way he would do the
movie because he knew that there was a
big battle scene in it and he wanted his
family to see him yeah and he's like I
want a purple lightsaber so they know
who's me well that's that's the only
reason that matters I know and I think
like in the expanded universe aren't
there a bunch of lightsaber colors I
know in the dark forces - there were but
that that came out before the abominable
prequels
oh lucky shot calculated calculated
clear all clear Bob uh uh yeah I don't
know you or you know what like I I would
probably want you know cuz if you have a
lightsaber you're a Jedi right mm-hmm
or you're a badass enough to have a
lightsaber I would just want the most
obnoxious color you know whatever the
ugliest barf color is okay if polka-dots
because I would still be murdering
people with it right back in that
mixed-up sense but right right just a
black one like an anti lightsaber sword
the big things darker there's no light
dark shadow sword oh it would be called
the shadow sword
oh so many Star Wars nerds just creamed
their pants right now they could be like
a fifth master sword they they did it
rich oh of course they did not not
terribly surprised fuck our girls
Thomas says I've noticed that our alum
has been growing an industry awareness
and influence wonder where that could
lead to perhaps your content being shown
on more upstanding streaming service or
possibly a decently budget budgeted
indie feature any thoughts on this no
we're making shadows or you don't count
chickens before they're hatched mama
says a rich stream is great jack stream
is great this is what happens when you
cross the streams
ah thanks for everything oh sure that
way you want though there's a whole
other page okay great
where do we go to good no just wait till
it it kind of stop what do we want new
people yeah there'll be new people okay
ah Jack and rich says ten bro thanks for
all the content over the years I've
discovered many games thanks to you guys
and had quite a few laughs best of luck
and whatever you do next thank you
almost son zoo says ëi dlc
microtransactions and games like the
last of us had killed gaming for me by
2013 then I saw your doom review in late
2017 and since then I've gotten back
into games thanks for showing me that
games can still be fun like they once
were server down for maintenance okay
that's all right
exit yeah all these servers are going
way down so good a private match we're
gonna play it's been so long good play
go to play now I got a private match now
to go to create private match and then
go to create match and so then now the
name is gonna be all lowercase Jack is
the name of the room and all lowercase
rich is going to be the name of the
password okay boom go done did it
yes there were there's there's so many
good game you know like I'm once you
start getting into indie games where
like the real interesting ideas and the
passions are they oh you have to go join
right away
oh go OTO yeah or else you don't get in
it gets really it gets really fun it
gets fun again you know unfortunately
indie games are now now indie games are
starting to get out of that hole like I
have one good idea but not a full
implementation of a game and they're
starting to like either just focus on
the one idea and and make it simple what
does one I'm gonna suck I'm gonna suck
this whole round ah
you sure are I am I haven't played this
and probably got over a year no ma'am no
one says when did you guys decide to end
prereq didn't you just buy a streaming
PC you guys are obsessed with that by
the way is the stream just not
financially sound blah blah is it sounds
like a lot of the questions that we've
been getting we did just buy a new
streaming PC and as you can tell by the
frame rate it's working great we've
we've both been feeling the grind but we
haven't talked about it with each other
mm-hmm we were kind of carrying on for
the sake of the other yes and so then we
finally sat down and talked to each
other and realized that we were both
hitting that point where we could see us
in the future being burnt out and so we
we decided it would be a better option
to end it while we were still having
some fun with it
and oh that would have been sweet that
would have been great because you know
like I think especially with what we're
talking about oh my god Reggie oh nice
especially what we've been talking about
now you know with Aaron with it what
everyone's asking about like what are we
gonna do next what are we gonna do next
imagine had
and I hid absolute rock bottom on this
and you know it turned into this awful
experience then we you know the answer
be we're nothing we're not we're not
doing anything ever again we're done
with this whole thing right
but hopefully by stopping now while we
still have some hoot spa left in us well
we'll come back reinvigorated and you
know the streaming PC is still a really
nice PC so you know we'll just use it
for other stuff right you know it'll be
my kids PC bill game on it it'll be
great you know we bought a lot of stuff
for the stream you got then we got some
lights here but uh you know we'll use
those we've got a nice couch and chair
here but we'll use those we'll use
everything still boost that would have
been sweet that would have been a great
hit I'm kind of liking watching you with
though a little bit it's fun oh oh that
was good shot thank you that was a good
shot you know they just had a goalkeeper
all that muscle memories coming right
back yeah right back let's see here
Spiker cat says thanks for all the good
times guys tonight I'm gonna cry like
rich when Optimus Prime died best of
luck with all you do in the future
that was bad night Oh trained nurses
thanks for the hours upon hours of
entertainment gentlemen if it weren't
for you I probably never would have
played FTL or Friday the 13th I was
wondering what are some of your favorite
highlights from the past four years of
streaming III I think there's just
there's far too many say that one your
old man hands weren't fast enough I've
been there there's just there's far too
many just goofy things but and you know
like there are so many great things
that I'm so glad happened while we were
streaming so other people could see them
like like my horse in the Legend of
Zelda running off a cliff yeah like that
that would have been a moment had that
happened when I was just gaming by
myself I probably would have chuckled
out of it you know gotten a chuckle I
might have told people later and they
would have been you know saying so what
but you know because it happened live we
got to get some entertainment out of it
nice nice nice perfect that's that's
super upsetting when you have a perfect
pass like that and and just no teammates
to be found but all the voices for the
the text adventure streams have been
great frog fat for actions damn and she
Lucas you're kicking ass he's laying the
smackdown yeah
hearing that prereq was getting retired
says read berserker please was almost as
painful as when I was diagnosed with
ligament forward to whatever you're
doing next here's five dollars to bribe
to review Black Dynamite thank you is
this where I say what Seligman and then
you respond Lyga my balls
is this an elaborate setup that's
exactly what that sounds like
also it very well could be a very deadly
disease that you've just made fun of
oh yeah papyrus like that whole that
whole underworld stream was great not
underworlds under yeah under what wait
what's that game called undertale that
whole undertale stream was fantastic all
the voices in the bits
that was really great no no you doing
great
you doing great Nate the adequate says
hey guys just wanted to say thanks and
pose a question about Rich's favorites
franchise Star Wars Trek
how could CBS have done a new Star Trek
show and not made it suck thank you
again good night you princes of twitch
you kings of Milwaukee right I think
there's a oh oh oh what do you oh that's
good
it did score but that was you know there
was a fine shot that was a fine shot
that was a fine shot the wind out of my
sails
wow it was a fine shot and then I was
getting excited but then I saw how much
time was left in the match and that you
were just you know losing but you were
clearly going to lose and so I was
discovering all of that as Spock chick
Turk says the sieving sea is Cephas and
thus the seething sea Suffolk ahthe us
when are we running up are we just going
to in a room how are we doing this
frauding hack Packard shant summoned
souls on switch on twitch son of a bitch
what do we have start a new round for
other people to come in nope no but they
just come in they just come in join Otto
again I guess you know you don't get in
but yep until they until the the server
goes down you can just do this
thank you for the poem sponge Moe Tomas
is between prereq and half the bag your
drivel is the only thing that allows my
brain to switch off so I can fall asleep
at night whatever I do I hope it entails
creo whatever you do do I hope it create
it entails creating more content you
have one of the most devoted group of
fans I have ever come across things we
do we really do we really do end and we
can't say enough how much we appreciate
how long you guys have stuck with us and
this very silly idea of performing live
twice a week for four hours at a time
it's it's been an amazing oh you can do
it you can do oh it's been an amazing
time and I'm just glad we're ending on
top because that's exactly what we're
doing and nam says we'll meet again
don't know when don't know when but I
know we'll meet again some sunny day
slake oh says gonna be weird to see you
guys go me and my friends reference you
talented frauds all the time around
people who have zero idea good luck well
you just remember we're not gone gone
we're still doing all the other shows
just not this one
I was I was telling rich earlier that it
it really it hasn't quite sunk in for me
yet that we won't be doing this anymore
I think I think it's really gonna sink
in for me on Sunday when all of a sudden
it's gonna be kind of Sunday afternoon
and I'm gonna probably text rich and
just say normal times and that's gonna
be the tough part for me is the day that
we're not sure
today's fine today is like a normal
daily our streaming we're talking yeah
but I think sunday is the day that it's
really gonna sink in those are those are
new what fancy name things
oh yeah that's a new thing you can
unlock yeah they they drop randomly or
coming crates and all that fun stuff
oh yeah crates all the crates can't
forget about the crates at least it's
just cosmetic oh yeah I did
during this team summer sale I did they
they had some DLC on sale for rocket
League and I bought I bought the the
Batmobile from Batman vs Superman
because I think it looks cool yeah not
as a Batmobile but as a car in general
okay I think it looks cool right so I've
been driving with that for a little bit
came with a little bad explosion you get
new it there's new explosions - I don't
know if you've been noticing remember to
buy eggs you guys are gonna you guys are
gonna have to tweet at me every
Wednesday and Sunday hitter from a
hundred to five eggs
Trev s lover says for every shitty
comment you guys got on YouTube or
twitch there are lots more people out
there who were always watching and
loving what you were doing but just too
lazy to say anything love and thanks to
you all thanks to the mods and thanks to
the chat absolutely thank you
accidental set and it's you know it's
it's been great we've been getting just
a ton of emails and positive tweets and
unread it everybody has been just has
it's been it's been very positive and
heartwarming and rich whiffing all the
time is it necessarily helping but you
know the whiff
may the whiff be with you be with you
marriage oh I think I know
Nigel gave you a boost Nigel gave you a
boost to give you that epic save
excellent vulgar puppy says thank you
rich and Jackie or content has helped me
through some rough times I wish you all
the best appreciate you thank you
Louis Kim Minsky Kim Min Thea Kandinsky
says sorry my first live stream is your
last but I've really enjoyed your views
on your reviews on YouTube I appreciate
the different perspective Bob stardew
valley recently because of the review
and I'm enjoying it despite did you do
it did you do it
calculate it look at that you know what
that is rich that's a precision hit just
jeweled and don't enjoy the spydra not
liking competitive games o despite only
like in competitive games well yeah yeah
I think there's there's a there's been a
lot of great surprises I know you know
one of one of the early games that I
wanted to review that rich was super
skeptical of was crypt of the
necrodancer oh yeah love it and I just
remember like oh there's this really
weird game and you know it's a rhythm
game but it's a dull terse note that's
an eye shadows and I was like rich we
gotta try this out and you're like wow
that sounds like a dumb idea and yeah
yeah cut to 8,000 hours later
no I just play it every now and then
it's a great game great little game is
still with me the same with rocket
League you know rocket League is this
you know this online only multiplayer
game that you know rich you might not
have touched had we not done it for a
review and I think that's great expand
your horizons millions and billions were
all made of star stuff uh steuby baby
says I tried to craft a proper goodbye
but words cannot articulate how much joy
you all have given me hidden dunked on
yeah you really are I'm getting dunked
on you really are but you know what
you're just warming up it's okay let's
see I'm a but I have to remember to not
be sad that it's over but glad that it
happened much love and best of luck in
the next life thank you Scooby baby we
really appreciate it all of it all of it
all of you so embarrassing so
embarrassing yeah who's happy they got
to play with rich now listen um how did
you play the game with you but maybe you
could be on the other team rich Oh
almost son Zeus is doomed 2016 dungeon
slay the spire FTL XCOM classic F scum
Witcher 3 dark souls 1 us derp duo
stardew valley thief gold spelunky
necrodancer all games i never would have
played without you guys i also avoided
no man's sky thanks your service to the
world plenty of great ones plenty of
great you know like but you know we good
gonna try we're also down here in the
muck remember we also played three two
one grenades so so you know they're not
all winners
bran flakes says hey RJ I know y'all are
sick of reading tips but I must tell you
how much I've enjoyed your streams I've
hiked mountains driven across the
interstate works night shifts and many
more things while listening many thanks
for friend Sims and banters gobbledy G's
says did you hear that on October 23rd
Nickelodeon kart racers on the switch
will include playable Ninja Turtles
oh and hey if you guys are really
quitting prereq maybe now you finally
have time to try DC Universe Online for
the ps4 it's free you fucks all right oh
gobbledygook
you you wacky little bastard general
Gore says tips before about the three
streams not published I have to get back
to work so I can't stay on stream but if
anyone knows the best way to get these
streams to the fans leave it in chat by
rich and Jack thank you for the company
I've heard that that there are some
streams that never made it over I really
thought we've gotten all of them over
bud yeah I mean one might have slipped
through the cracks here or there
obviously what did we what did we do
talk about there's there's 1600 hours
yeah a footage of us this is playing
game so one of them four out of that
1600 might have slipped through the
cracks mm-hmm I got stream lost a time
good yeah it's probably because it
wasn't shit I'm not well spec tech tip
FC Lucas says this doesn't feel like the
end but thanks for everything over the
past four years and thanks for giving us
a heads up on Sunday like a previous tip
said it feels like losing a friend hope
I get to play some rocket League with
you guys tonight
absolutely remember we'll still be
around
mr. plank it says since this is the last
room I was wondering if for which it
would be willing to
discuss he would not be we party we
talked about that on Sunday mr. blanket
almost son Zhu says I'm going to a
Montgomery biscuits game this Montgomery
biscuits game this Saturday minor league
baseball made me think of biscuit the
cat I'll be sure to buy their hat and
wear it proudly because rich is right
you shouldn't you should buy the ball
cap also a team named after biscuits
Rock absolutely grandma
Tarkin says hey rich will you say hi to
my friend Ron in New Jersey
in New Jersey also thanks for all the
stream Rosco Coltrane that's far too
generous of a tip thank you this says
hello from Switzerland rich and Jack
rich yeah watching you getting beaten
down on your first run of XCOM 2 and
restarting the game without jack
noticing this glorious thanks for the
1600 hours of fun take a long break and
please come back you fraudsters thank
you thank you call training elves fight
says thanks for everything guys it's
been a great ride you guys have been the
on-screen chemistry of a young Fred
Astaire and Ginger Rogers I'm ginger
yeah that's fine so the question is
which one of you is I think feminine
about me is my man boobs which one of
you is better at doing video games in
heels backwards lol fuck my cock you
glorious bastard Zuzu's let's see here
question number 16 says thank you jack
and rich for all the years of
entertainment it's hard to see prereq
end but you helped me through some tough
times and I'm grateful for that
hope you find your way to work together
regularly in the future there's just not
enough of you on
LM thank you hi like I said I rich and I
kind of naturally fell together in the
first place and so I can only assume
that will happen again cuz why not cuz
why not howl bird 5000 says thanks for
everything guys good luck in your future
endeavors both at rlm and whatever else
comes next for you to specifically
listen to Jonathan Tyler says if I paid
for two round-trip flights hotel stays
would you attend a Super Smash Brothers
terminate termina mint in El Paso Texas
no I'll throw in a free of free
Chihuahuas triple-a baseball game and
the best Mexican food you will ever have
in your life to sweeten the deal
I mean free minor league game rich no I
like game finally again pretty cheap as
it is Jack yeah well you could go to
Texas oh I know dumb Berto wash a big
patch says rich and Jack finally after
so long I finally found a stream I
really wanted to subscribe to thank you
for this wonderful stream
I'm already pumped for the future once I
get him Chuck Fox has more people to
thank like or dominus Altimas or more at
coal chute Chulainn captain nitpick
dreamer TKR miller ivan li hunchback
jack yolo contender e zat's
Xena trope John T scarecrow lost and
Technicolor David II know people please
read his plea to please read in an
Italian accent oh they haven't eaten the
people Sara Chen dr. smoke trees that
was a terrible Italian accent I'm very
sorry to all Italians who are watching
who I'm sure I have wronged Ayatollah of
rock and Rolla says thanks to two of the
funniest guys on the interwebs for the
years of fun also
the cue said to Picard all good things
must come to an end but as McCoy said to
Kirk he's really not dead as long as we
remember him a toyed with naming the
stream that but that can't that's that's
really stretching is that named it after
all good things I can't do that that
might be a little sad little much
absolutely that's what anima says dear
rich and Jack do you have any marriage
proposal tips besides not asking
strangers on the Internet to do it for
you how do you move from being engaged
to putting the date on the calendar you
know usually you just listen to her
that's what I did yeah marriage proposal
tips if you're going to you know
hopefully you know the answer before you
ask it presumably if it's that serious
you do right and you know just find a
date that works for both of you I'm
sorry this stream is so choppy there
there is nothing we can do there's
nothing we can do nothing we can do I
don't know why it's doing that I'm yeah
yeah I'm just looking at it and I'm
thinking I'm dear oh dear this how we go
out this is how we go is starting and
ending with technical problems yeah is
there any other way to do it well we can
have a nice quality strip and we could
try that we could we could punch back
Jack's is rich and Jack you've given me
so much gaming advice entertainment and
joy over all the past four plus years
thank you so much for all of it you will
be missed by the way have you played a
game called The Last of Us I think you'd
like it it's just like Helldivers shade
hope says you are the only video game
reviewers I really trust who are game
reviewers that you trusts and have
similar tastes as you guys I need
replacements Yahtzee
yeah Yahtzee
Nancy in general has the same taste as
me I think not
not a hundred percent the same tastes as
me but I always you know even even if I
disagree with him about a game I'll
usually find him entertaining yeah so I
I found no more heroes because he
Yahtzee oh yeah you know I've agreed
with him and so much I'm gonna check
this game out there you go
yeah no he's I mean like I said he's
just entertaining he's great and
unfortunately I've kind of you know
because of doing the reviews I've stayed
away from a lot of other critics I've
seen a couple um what is his name video
game donkey
have you heard no really funny really
like I don't even know if he if you
could even call his reviews reviews he
just kind of makes jokes yeah and it's
really good they're like they're always
short and really good bits I I wouldn't
necessarily call them like in-depth
reviews but they're always entertaining
yep so I I I don't know if I'd go to him
as a reviewer but just for entertainment
video game donkey I've seen a few of his
episodes and liked him he recently
passed away sadly but I always found
total biscuits
WTF videos very very useful hmm yeah I
heard of this game I wonder what the
heck this games all about mm-hmm
chances were he had a video about it
sure sure this is what this game is I
know you've showed me a couple of his
videos in the past yeah I never got into
him no I was fine
hey rich and Jack says says the Besh
thanks for all the streams and fun over
the years just to find a question Jack
thoughts on the expanse season finale
rich watch the show yet my aunt my aunt
I thought it was great I I thought I
thought it was it was classic expanse
which is just every episode make like
asks more questions but it also does a
really good job got joined right away
thank you
does a really good job of answering a
lot of those questions it's just always
moving forward and in new and
interesting ways that you don't really
expect some really awesome sci-fi
problem-solving in that in that last
couple of episodes of the expanse there
was this whole thing about the people
were injured and they were injured in a
zero-g environment and apparently when
you're in zero gravity your body it
causes your blood to pool inside your
body and so you can't heal properly and
so just these people with kind of like
minor bruising and minor injuries were
on death's door just because they were
in a zero-g environment and they had to
you know they had to science their way
out of out of everyone dying nice nice
is great it was it's I it's a show that
I'm I'm always excited to watch and I'm
really glad that you know that we're
gonna get we're gonna get more of them
yeah
fat produce says good to see a fellow
Starfleet officers from the 24th century
trapped in the barbaric early 21st
century PS you guys should watch the new
trailer for Neil Breen's twisted on
YouTube second star to the right
straight on till morning thank you
Sam's has never donated before felt that
now was the best time really going to
miss these dreams thank you for all the
entertainment you glorious hack frauds
Wow with horrible with Zack of the
axises since I this thing
rich NJ for their movie suggestions
thanks Jack for recommending Vanguard Oh
what did you do watch oh it's horrible
it's horrible
oh it's so horrible look at that look at
that they were all set I know they were
all set to defend oh man I had no vision
there yeah so thanks for recommending
Vanguard in Milwaukee delicious food
walk is a lovely City and I hope to come
back soon
yes vanguard is fantastic a local
restaurant they do specialty sausages
and have an amazing beer menu
Shannon G says I've always watched you
guys on YouTube after but I came for
your last dream now I can't shake the
surreal feeling that I'm actually in the
future
captain swc says hey fellas I wanted to
add my voice to the long list of those
saying thanks you introduced me to many
of my favorite games FTL doomed
bloodworm started Valley XCOM amongst
others thanks for all the fun best
wishes going forward did you Biff again
no but I'm playing like somebody who
hasn't played rocket says it's really
too bad to see you guys go though I
didn't have a lot of time to watch your
streams live I always kept up on the
video on demands it was nice to see some
of the guys from the best channel on
YouTube branch into different territory
and kill it thank you thank you yeah
yeah it's all fun remember we're not
going away I'll still be here when when
prereq closes a door rich and Jack open
a window cuz I far didn't
handing out a fart joke yeah that's fair
no I think that's fair that's slothy
says previously recorded for
motherfucking years in a row thank you
we really appreciate it we really do Oh
bother
Oh Oh underscore bother says don't
forget there's an underscore between oh
and bother also thanks for looking out
excited to see what you fraudulent fucks
come up with next that's right Oh
underscore bother is the one who helped
us Mario Mario helped us design project
Hornet and Oh bother
did the first prototype of it so you
know he was in charge of 3d printing and
kind of shoving all the guts in and Oh
bah Oh bother has his own stream did you
bring it in oh no I didn't because I'm a
post a picture on the the twits yeah I
didn't because I'm a forgetful fuck we
can't get a good Yama's camera exactly
post a good Twitter picture of sure sure
sleepy brown bears is hey rich would you
please explain to us the pull-up no but
you can't explain the plot of the
trailer of the Neal Breen because we
haven't seen the trailer yet I have I'm
not gonna talk about it right now
oh we might enter oh well you know we
might may or may not do something with
it I don't know but sure sure unless
looking up frog waters as I started
watching after the sonic video since
then I have gotten married had a kid and
now work three part-time jobs in order
to make ends meet I'm 37 like you Jack I
understand your graceful bowing out just
wanted to say you guys are the best
Thank You frog water good luck kids
holy marriage really kids really Amadeus
eighths is rlm and prereq are almost the
only thing a good friend of mine watches
on youtube so it would be nice to score
him a mention on the last stream
shout-out to a active shout-out to
active and all the hours I've spent
listening to him complain about Jack
haha yeah I'm just the worst I'm just
the worst Joe Baga donut says Evans
Packard's 2020 make America fine
again all the time fine all the time
again
Dennis J says any advice to a 33 year
old man going through a midlife crisis
what is the meaning of life is life too
short long or just right you know it's
always too short so you know make sure
that every day you do a little bit
something that you like that's it that's
it and anyone who's had someone around
them you know maybe pass away a little
too soon knows that all you can do is
try to do something that you enjoy every
single day that's it so that's my advice
for you as a 33 year old who's going
through a midlife crisis is find
something that you enjoy every day even
if it's just as simple as going for a
walk playing a video game watching a
show that you like reading a book right
yeah just find something you like every
single day make that day worth it man do
it you can do it I believe in you not
Captain Picard says I can't watch live
but I'd like to thank you both for the
great stream and endless transitions
into entertaining conversations I'm sure
it's already been suggested but you
should do a monthly podcast peace my
meet Rach we should do a podcast all
these people are in the interne are very
podcast heavy-eyed I know I do know that
that's how a ton of people treat this
yep
they just listen in the background and
they don't care about the games and so I
think actually like for most of our
audience most of our previously recorded
audience they would actually enjoy that
because it would mean like less
distracting noise in the background yep
Tom I frustrate
says I thought I'd put a cap on this one
Jack I was flipping through the comics I
sent you once upon a time as a Rallo
isn't as great a writer as I thought he
was someday if I send you Doom Patrol
you'll have to tweet what you think
about it
Godspeed guys thank you timing miles
trap hey guys I've always said never
turn your hobby into a job once you feel
obligated to do something you resent it
stop doing the regular streams come back
when it starts feeling like a hobby
again and when you got something you
want to share I don't know about that I
think as someone who has turned his
hobby into a job with video production I
still love it all the time every day I
think about it non-stop I think about
new ways to do videos and and it's
worked out really great for me I think
there are there are frustrating aspects
of any single job no nice that counts
that counts as the same counts is the
same I think like no matter what there
will be frustrating parts of any job you
are at that's just how life works
anything you do over and over again
there'll be ups and downs but I've
happened to have pretty good success
turning a hobby into a job so I'm gonna
disagree calm is sardos also Jonathan
Hickman's mix of mind-bending
high-concept sci-fi grounded family
drama is compelling and the character
development is top-notch the evolution
of Victor Von Doom is superb culminating
in Secret Wars that was a comic book
thing that I'm sure they mentioned
earlier um oh my god we are by the way
everyone who's watching the tip that I
am reading right now are from the seven
o'clock hour I know I know we're I'm
trying to get through them all it might
not happen I just want to give an early
warning that we appreciate all
of your tips but we might not get to all
of them we're trying we're trying we're
trying decid ol tendencies says thanks
for the great streams burnout happens to
the best of us hoping for a bi weekly
podcast sometimes down the road beer
city hack Franz hoe like lion brain says
one night almost four years ago I saw
armchair general rich teach Jack how to
hunker down teach me so many great
streams since then thanks for it
oh-oh-oh those good old days
good old XCOM days where I was the
commander but you were the general
authority kiss says this will not be 101
wacky kid jokes because it's the worst
joke I heard in a long time but why is
Peter Pan why does Peter Pan always fly
he never lands may previously recorded
ride into the sunset and gonna miss you
much rich and Jack good luck and good
night Thank You theoretic is almost son
Zeus esri subbed too early so in case
you miss it the basic idea was to thank
you guys for making me a better person
rich I've greatly reduced my alcohol
consumption
you've helped with that Jack you helped
me daily to have a better attitude about
things we'll miss you thank you almost
son zu we're just happy to be here we're
happy any of you are here listening to
our utter utter nonsense our constant
and utter nonsense
thank ski says we'll meet again don't
know where don't know way
but I know we'll meet again someday you
got it
they got they got it we got it teammates
guys okay
our right says it would be cool to see
you guys play D&D; at some point in the
future congrats on ending thank you
our crime delay that's how I feel like
that noise needs to play every time you
with hey rich as George Lucas
could you please reflect about ending
prereq and leaving the audience audience
wanting more thanks again and take care
what makes toys I think I want 20 years
we do the prequel series or which in
Jack's dad talked about Tom Paul that is
the exact correct answer yes I'm
thinking about making prereq toys we'll
call it pre pre work oh prereq at the
beginning I got bumped well call it I
got bumped true blue reviews says my
other opinion I wanted to ask you is on
comic book movies do you think whenever
infinity war 2 comes out will be the
plateau also I'd never would have
guessed that I would be looking much
more forward to a Shazam movie over a
New Teen Titans show it's not stopping
man it's never it's they're never not
stop and there's there is no indications
that anything Marvel wise is plateauing
based on all relevant data infinity Wars
2 will be just as big as infinity Wars
because everyone saw infinity Wars and
everyone now wants to see how it ends
ant-man you know did less but so did the
first hand man you know it did ant-man
money I'm a little surprised that there
was not more crossover between ant-man
and infinity war but there's just no
there's there ain't no stopping this
Marvel train the mouse the mouse has a
long reach ID ice is high from the 1% to
10% female demographic rlm fan I'm
sitting here with my popcorn like I
promised on Twitter cause of my anxiety
voices help me sleep when when it's bad
+ RL m is number one that's true number
one yes even Rich's angelic laugh isn't
a bother to me love you all thank you
IDI thanks for watching we appreciate it
enjoy I thought it might have been
caramel corn I saw on Twitter earlier I
am a for 20 years since I'm missing the
stream but I hear it's the last so I had
to say bye I've spent many many hours
watching and I've enjoyed your streams
very much thanks for the entertainment
you crocodile brained hack frauds
excellent save rich excellent save keep
it together stay on target
stay honest and don't overextend
yourself stop bumping into each other oh
geez there you go good hanging back good
hanging back everyone was jumping for it
you don't want to be part of the clump
jumping for it you want to be the one oh
not doing that you want to be the one to
catch it after the clump but you know
that's all right there was another say
if there was another save fluff
salamander says rich you convinced me to
watch TMZ and Rick and Morty they're
both some of the finest entertainment
ever if it wasn't for prereq that
wouldn't have happened thanks rich and
Frog water says damn you Jack I never
would have played Binding of Isaac if it
weren't for you
you I'm probably 300 hours in unlock the
lost then some still not a hundred
percent years later I think the only
game I have more hours in is the
original NES contra thank you I'm sorry
I'm sorry that's a lot of time but
that's a heck of a lot of good time
speaking of the the Isaac card game damn
that Edmond is kick-starting is now over
like 2 million dollars it's getting nuts
there's a million stretch goals being
reached all the time very exciting for
any Isaac fans out there Big Apple 3
a.m. I get that reference so so sad to
see you guys go thank you both so much
for all the streams Thanksgiving streams
clowns streams strollers drink the
classic stroller stream who could forget
that utter disaster playing Lakewood
Friday the 13th with you and more all
moments that I will carry deep in my
heart forever thank you thank you
movie magic crew says I've been watching
on my lunch break for years thankfully
I'll be retired before I finish with a
backlog of this sighs good luck to you
both thank you magic movie crew now we
get to refresh the page and see how far
back jesus H crisp rich
I know pages you guys are fantastic you
guys are ridiculous is this the hope is
that if you just keep tipping we won't
be able to end the stream tonight
because we'll never stop reading ah man
Matt just a toe TV says thank you all
for your hard work I wish you nothing
but the very best don't forget to be
awesome
hasta luego Santos a fraud wah-wah-wah
pop thank you Hey
ah well good game good game four minutes
of overtime that's a great game that
means that was a good team balance there
like that I like that our Christ says it
would be cool to see you guys play D&D;
at some point in the future Congrats on
retiring where'd you stop the channel
we're not retiring or still be around
well thank you
G Shock you for that very generous tip
we don't deserve it
jack rich so for my penultimate tip I
told you to spend it wisely so for this
my final tip spend it on hookers and
blow hey you know rich and I have
significant others pretty serious
significant others so I don't think the
hookers at least will happen but you
deserve it after four years of hard work
thank you for everything and here's to
the future Thank You G shots anonymous
says thank you guys for all the laughs
you've given me I've watched for years
and have been an rlm fan since the
Phantom Menace review previously
recorded and will be missed by still
look forward to more great Haarlem
content thank you act frauds tab etch
chief says Yahtzee slash The Escapist
just released a review where he
mentioned both moonlighter and Rekha
tear that's right Jim sterling oh you
know what I've seen a lot of Jim
sterling stuff to the gym cuisine and
stuff like that Jim Jim sterling is
another fine reviewer he's good people
he's good people Jim sterling seems to
subtly mention things rlm - you guys
have a great power and I'm glad you did
this in the first place I wish I caught
you all earlier now you know and I've
talked with both Yahtzee and Jim outside
of you know stream stuff oh this is a
neat level I don't see how it's
different from the Tokyo one oh it's not
I just like the look of it yeah very
vaporware you know and they seem like
good people I've I've been in contact
with both good good people
grumpy kicks as hi guys that just
canceled my subscription thought I would
tip you instead thank you thanks for
introducing me to slay the spire in FTL
many hours well spent a good luck in the
future
love from Stockholm commissar Doge have
you read Marvel Zombies yeah
pure camp shock and has a sweet
crossover with ash Williams IMH oh it
has the single scariest concept of all
undead which is fully sentient fully
sentient super-powered zombies yes I
like it doesn't feel pain restrains all
the superpower or retains all the
superpowers and driven by an irrational
urge to feed I like it I've never read
it no I always thought it was too
gimmick Spider Man eating Aunt May and
Mary Jane and then feeling guilty about
it
is some sickly humorous stuff alright
that's great yeah I never got around to
it just because like I've you know
obviously zombie burnout and stuff but
uh you can do it those are my save
whoever hot dog buns as high ridge
hijack it seems so daunting to put all
my thoughts and so few characters so
I'll simply thank you two for putting up
with us all these years and for all the
work you put in thank you hot dog buns
for being here for us to put up with
thank you like a sniper you gotta watch
for your spot yeah headshot Preston
Freeman says thanks for the hours of
content and laughs I'll never forget my
first tip that cent of rinse rich into
an impression an impassioned 10-minute
rants on the themes and nuances of Star
Trek TMP best of luck you too
the motion picture soundtrack the motion
picture yeah Nathan streets as hi I just
wanted to say thank you for all the
years of free entertainment and I hope
that you know how much you guys mean to
us last question what are the greatest
spider-man story arcs that's you know
we're just talking about earlier ah
before we stream nothing stops the
juggernaut that's right that's right and
I've never read nothing stops the
juggernaut but I'm you know I know of
the juggernaut cuz I'm an x-men fan and
you were just saying that nothing stops
the juggernaut is a great read I noticed
madam Webb was in it yeah so part of
that and part of the Madame web soo
shenanigans but nothing stops the
juggernaut I think that's worth a read
uh seven of story that kind of got rid
of Madame web for years oh yeah yeah I
gotta give that a read nice nice nice
juggernaut I always thought his uh was
an interesting character especially in a
world of mutants the juggernaut for
anyone who doesn't know is beta is
basically like like a hulk-sized
strength in someone who's not like a
Frankenstein monster you know
he's not a smart man the juggernaut but
you know he's not a dumb primal animal
like the Hulk is often portrayed and
also his strength comes from magic and
so it has this you know like he has a
lot of immunities and him fighting
spider-man or spider-man attempting to
fight him is a great concept seven of
Borgnine says jack and rich thank you
for all the many hours of banter and
entertainment all the best to you both
thank you
water break
antique whiskey has a really important
questions that's that's can I be
unbanned now love you guys nope sorry
whatever you were banned for if it was a
lifetime ban it was worth it I'm sure it
was thanks for watching though we
appreciate it
sorry I don't know why you were banned
sakamoto sounds as this is my first ever
tip to a streamer I could say depressing
stuff but instead I'll just say bon
voyage written Jack may your future
adventures provide happiness and success
thank you relish the relish but I still
got the shot yes gonna be awesome
satisfying rush LaRoche says your many
amazing streams helped me when I was
trying to overcome the anxiety that
plagued my youth and helped me succeed
despite it it will be hard to fill this
prereq shaped hole in my prereq shaped
art good luck on your future and don't
see a doctor if your heart is prereq
shit
it's shaped like a new asshole wow what
is happening it looks like two idiots
sitting on a couch you thank you relish
a relish looks like fat and failure rich
that makes me failure cells even how I
said it for the record I know I know I
know
saladin fifty forces thanks for all the
great content jack and rich guess I'll
have to play with my cow puppet now
instead hope to see more of you hacks
than if you
absolutely fat produce says I sent you
guys a fun movie song of the Dead the
zombie musical a couple months back it
was made by my college a media teacher
check it out it is stupid fun lol this
director also made luchador superhero
films too we have 8 million movies on
our shelf that's Rich's next big job is
the great culling well we gotta find
doubles we got a lot of doubles there
just hidden in there they're not
necessarily sitting next to each other
yeah well but I think that's step one in
the KO'ing yeah you take doubles maybe
Enys anything higher budget you know
start you start clearing out those
shelves yeah yeah Frank t'v Frank t'v
girl says thank you for reminding us
that all things are finite and death is
our constant companion in this vale of
woe
I've loved prereq but entropy will
consume everything beloved in the end PS
intercourse my heat death
okay thanks Frank dick girl captain
ragtag says I got soaked for nine hours
at work but I found out the warranty
company is finally covering my new
engine shame on you guys for going on
here but you really helped make my day
sometimes what you guys don't make sense
sometimes you're drinking thirty
thousand tips I'm going I'm going your
username says rich did you write off all
the CBS all access subscription on your
taxes as a business expense if not you
probably should have probably yeah my my
research tab yeah is overflowing every
year which is great but you know that's
that's what it should be the the rules
for what you can and can't write off all
is always in flux by the way and new
rules especially for freelancers and for
small business owners starting this next
year are gonna make things even more
complicated
thanks a lot and current president all
right
Lawton but yes you like definitely
keeping track of stuff that you can
write off like you know any any sort of
meals expenses when you have it with
coworkers can be you know a business
lunch
your mileage by the way is something
that you should keep track of you know
driving here stuff like that
can you write off I know you can like
you go to work to pick something up for
work you can write that mileage off is
it just mileage to work too well
technically so like if you're a private
contractor right technically you can
count your your you can count a part of
your home as a home office and then you
can deduct the mileage from one business
site to the other your home office to
the studio right and so um yeah there's
definitely ways around that oh come on
oh there you go and so there's a way to
deduct mileage into work absolutely
I would playing short-handed or is there
somebody yeah I am see looks good yeah
so yeah there's there's a way to get
around it and you know get her for
anyone out there who's you know works
for themselves get yourself a good tax
guy or gal get yourself a good tax
person you're spending your last stream
on this yeah then the words I'm sorry I
talked about I talked about taxes and
camera stuff tips won't read them so I
you dorable dickheads Nick Nevinger says
later sweet prereq boys it was a blast
while it lasted while listening I've
been writing and creating a sci-fi show
that I'd someday like to get made and I
hope you'll both enjoy it if it does
until then Cheers and it's Nev in jor-el
oh I think I said that
ah the odds is thanks for all the good
times Jack and rich I never watch live
because of time differences but I loved
watching the previously recorded streams
dr. tallow says what a wild ride it's
been I didn't watch every stream but you
guys have seen me through a marriage a
divorce oh my god
and play star control the free version
is called the u-kwon masters and it's
free you fucks
captain president says I've had to quit
jobs due to burnout and disillusionment
and I completely understand jobs I've
loved and it makes it tough embarking on
new adventures is great for refilling
the soul fuck yes captain president
making a existence exciting once more
here's to the hack frauds excellent
motivation captain president Luna smokes
as I don't know why but I've bought
guerrilla interrupted and space cop last
year thanks for the laughs and Cheers
to my fellow Wisconsin hacks well well
guerilla interrupted is worth it for how
not to make a movie yeah like that's why
you buy guerrilla interrupted not to
watch guerrilla interrupted but to watch
how not to make a movie which is a
fantastic little documentary I mean also
watch guerrilla Interop we do know we
needed something just to make it worth
it No
nice nice nice cheap ones as guys cannot
express how much your streams have meant
as far as I'm concerned hear voices and
they're your voices for undertale and
police quests are canonical instead of a
movie game I'd recommend rain temple on
Spotify for your downtime a peace out
boys and a TF ATF oh absolutely
yeah our our voices for undertale are
absolutely what the voices should be I
think they're perfectly agree I think
they were perfect I know there was a lot
of contention with
with riches did you have sands yeah
riches sands but I thought that was
exactly what that character should be
pick a voice before you know much about
the character you just have to go off
looks like that's what he looks like now
I need me an email then I love the bad
voice right and then the over-the-top
sing-songy papyrus over like that was
great it works because there there's
contrasting exactly it's great
Dexter sinister says please call your
upcoming Laverne & Shirley gender swap
podcast project hair nets cute nailed it
cute 40 K funky tomb says we'll miss you
guys just wanted you to know that it was
this dream that gave me the get up and
go to get going to my local comic book
store I've been a regular there for more
than a year now supporting independent
comics nice always brings my wreck
there's some good stories out there man
there's some good stories I still like
comic books you know what I've been
reading lately to to ignore the tips for
a little bit I've been reading old the
question books
this is Fanny she a Shinto I'm gonna
talk about oh no talk about what you
want yes oh I know she's thing I picked
up a collection of like the original the
question you know he for anyone who
doesn't know the question is the guy who
has like the no face and he always wears
like the suit and the raincoat and the
Hat rated by Jack Kirby nope Steve Ditko
Ditko that was the one oh yeah Steve
Ditko yes and for those who double don't
know the question was the basis of
Rorschach yeah Rorschach is a satire an
over-exaggeration of the question
because apparently Rorschach is
apparently Alan Moore's scathing
condemnation of did
of Ditko's harsh libertarianism though
everyone loved it and didn't get that it
was a send-up yes exactly exactly the
question was the inspiration for
Rorschach exactly and so III was reading
some old question books a you know some
of our fun like you can definitely tell
like the question is very heavy-handed
the question was did Co super crazy
objectivism given life yeah the question
was the stepping stone to mr. a the
follow up character who was really oh
yeah Steve did Co subjectivism given
life crazy who's crazy town anyway
that's all sighs Sperling says I don't
want other streamers I want you love you
both in a mostly not creepy way thanks
for everything and remember I'm not just
the Hair Club president I'm also a
client mr. bob says Back to the Future
sweeted rlm remake Mike science man as
Doc Brown rich as Marty Jack as mr.
Strickland Susan as Lorraine and Josh is
George McFly and one of the Canadians is
Biff maybe both please far-far Amir's
has just escaped from work to see you
for the last time gonna miss you guys
Jack I hope you keep reporting on your
witcher on twitter been playing it
myself and i am surprised how you seem
to be taking the same how you seem to be
making the same terrible choices i did
Triss for life yeah yeah i've been
putting it down a little bit lately just
because I've been crazy into rocket
League and then I wanted to try out the
the Dungeons & Dragons or gun jinns and
Dragons expansion or update for welcome
to the gungeon but yeah I got to get me
back into some Witcher pirate X course
has finally had enough money to sub got
two months in and now you guys are
ending it's all my fault
jokes aside sad to see it end but I
understand why see you guys in our
and whenever new things he may come up
with Jack and Rich here's to gay kisses
enjoy I hope that doesn't get old for me
anytime stand the scale of gay kisses B
do a shot and a good save yeah you guys
are all tied up
get in there rich Oh be dues 83 says
thanks for the years of entertainment
and I look forward to whatever you do
next
keep jimmying those jams Thank You B
dudes on candy banana says I'll be
heading to Disneyland sometime in the
fall would you folks like anything I
mean you know things are so expensive
they're just enjoy yourself have a good
time don't don't worry about us good
look man you gotta get gotta get that
ball on the other side man oh sweet
Jesus Mary Mother of that okay you did
it quince Omni axe says I did my joke
tip earlier so if you don't mind I want
to address the one this one to the chat
as well as YouTube you miserable nerd
frauds are great some of the funniest
moments I've seen have come from here
and rich and Jack are fine men to slay
up day you lion brains yeah we've had
some good bits
that's fine bits over the years eat my
sandwich says hey short time watcher
here not sure what's going on last
stream apparently sad face yeah sorry
diarrhea said I a sad 80 year old
Harrison Ford in a costume he wore in
the 70s that isn't pathetic fanservice
oh but an imperial walker's an imperial
base geez cut it out with the fanservice
Disney
sorry I can't help it you guys have been
a big help for me in rough times JRR
Lovecraft says right when you started
streaming I began nursing school and
last year I finally got my license and
earlier this year my first job in the
field congratulations Junior are you
sorry to see you go but I guess we all
have to move on with things gonna miss
you in my new life
gruff McMillan terraces crocodile brain
and lion brain masters of the flak
cannon and the 1886 dick punch bug porn
king of frog fraction the saving the
earth and XCOM or tilling the earth in
stardew valley doom Slayers of Mars and
all-around badasses thanks and farewell
Thank You gruff future pres day RB says
here's my final tip on prereq question
time to either of you play sieve five No
if so what's your favorite sieve to play
with we don't I'm sorry rich could you
give some last pro tips for XCOM enemy
within you I've taught you everything I
know young padawan now go on and take my
knowledge and prosper that's it yeah
Jenkins our Big Apple 3 a.m. says can I
get rich Evans shout-out to my best
friend Amy hey Amy she always wanted a
second theif stream also she had told me
on more than one occasion that she would
dream about rich roll with it says hey
guys have been a silent observer for a
little over a year found your commentary
to be quite insightful for years seems
like an average lifespan of most
projects relax kick your feet up and
enjoy I wish you the best with whatever
comes next
and cephalo pathetic says in the four
years of your streams you helped me as I
was laid off in Chicago then took a new
job in New York City it's fine
everything is fine got me through it Oh
fender shine and now I have to take care
of something in my eye
oh thanks encephalo pathetic Baba Yaga
Lalla says this feels like a friend
moving
to another country we might not see each
other right away but eventually we'll
meet again and we'll feel like no time
has passed at all thanks for suggesting
vanquished and doom 2016 much love from
Norway this isn't gonna happen this is
just not gonna happen
I know I'm so sorry everyone I'm so so
sorry
I'm still I'm I'm barely to the eight
o'clock so I'm still let's I'm at 740
tips right now I know I know this is
just not gonna happen we can go a little
bit longer obviously but should we what
time is it
I mean it's 10 o'clock it's 10 o'clock
man ah you guys are so just rounds of
Friday the 13th that's whatever we get
we get okay we'll make it through all
the tips we can two rounds of Friday the
13th whoa day 27 still reading tips I
know I know you guys this and and this
is you know this is what adds to the
bitter sweetness a you you you're so
generous we appreciate all of this it's
honestly a little ridiculous but we
really do appreciate him let's see here
Jack LeMond says once more farewell guys
we will miss you very much but I am glad
I got off work early to be here scoring
a goal in rocket League with Jack was a
great memory that's captured forever
cheers mate tits 84 siz rich so can when
can we expect that Phoenix point no
deathrun uncool aid man says thanks for
all the great streams and background
stories on our LM hope you two find
another great project to start up or
even pair up for some more reviews we're
gonna need that rich in Jack dynamic duo
somewhere absolutely like I said we're
still around we're still gonna make
stuff and eventually
rich and I will come up with that idea
that one I oh yeah you know we should do
ah
we don't got it we don't have it yet or
else I would have said it obviously yeah
we should do yeah that's it that's the
noise we're gonna make to commissar
commissar Doge says I'm sorry for
sending so many tips at one time I
handle separations badly and yes it is a
bit weird to say that about adult mem
whom I've watched for years but watching
your content on a daily basis for
entertainment kind of made it part of my
life alright so if you're Musti friend
yeah actually oh yeah call some names
I'm gonna change what we're playing in
yeah take care of that and it still says
rocket okay when you get around to it do
your thing are people finding their own
way I think people are finding oh
alright alright
people are finding it they don't say how
long anymore that you've been friends I
know they recently did some updating uh
oh no there you go
these people last the last on line is
where we usually call so yeah that
person hasn't been online in over 200
days column how do we do that I'm gonna
go back if you right-click on them
nope okay go to the top of the page
that's a way to do it but I think
there's an easier way I bet there's a
way to select multiples Oh manage friend
lists there it is boom so now you can
select multiples and then on the top
there is like another batch unfriend the
culling yes rich has to pare down his
friends list who Joe 3 9 4 2 says end no
that journey doesn't end here
stopping the stream is just another path
one that we all must take the grey rain
curtain of the world rolls back and all
turns to silver glass and then you see
it white shores and beyond fuck my cock
lol the film dropout says hey Jack and
rich I enjoyed your reviews that were
great and never a waste of time like our
LM your style of critiquing and
reviewing is something I feel is lacking
in gaming thanks for all the content
I'll miss the perspective on new games
take it easy
commissary door says I also have a tip
about riches beautiful singing voice
being totally serious when I say that it
has been really soothing and natural
even a lot of quality to it could become
a singer if you wanted to true blue
review says would you say that you guys
and rlm in general have a healthy amount
of skepticism and cynicism or too much
some channels either are always negative
for negativity sake or try too hard to
ignore the negative so as not to enable
the internet hate train all right I'm
gonna add some people I'm gonna say they
just don't care I don't think I'm a
cynical or skeptical person at all I
think that's just the order I got them
here yeah do it but no I'd say our lamb
is done almost on Zoo says it's hard to
believe that my penultimate tip
penultimate means second to last tip
just FYI most of us would welcome you
back
open arms if you decide to stream again
in a year or two you'd be called hacks
and frauds but what else is new
David I know people says unknowing you
until you guys finally play both
injustice games mints pronouncing my
names and hours of playfully trolling
rich I really should thank you guys now
is a perfect time so thanks for the
memories
eat my pork pancake one more time
Joe kitty the blow one says hey guys
saying goodbye to my favorite streamers
is tough it's hard to pick a favorite
stream so I'll say that they're all my
favorite except for that vampire the
masquerade stream sled sad slide whistle
thanks so much for all the laughs little
pad for five says here's one for the
road alright okay now because now we
don't have the mic for me right right we
don't have the mic should I just plays
Jason both times
are we good just deal with the poor
communication fucking just do you want
to be random bill alright yeah so
heads-up we still don't have a mic for
this canoe yeah so rich might have to
use the emotes alright how do we how do
I ready up here I go to the go to the
ready where's it at the big red ready
button
great okay great here we go
let's see here
Zach of the excesses I've already
donated to say thanks for a bunch of
things but thanks for prefer providing a
stream I can watch with my girlfriend
we're both going to miss the stream we
will miss the sub emotes we will miss
debating Star Trek Voyager we both loved
it goodbye
I don't think rich and I ever debated
Star Trek Voyager we both agree there
was some there's some good it loves
hovering above and below the mediocrity
line yeah and we both agree that Kate
Mulgrew is fantastic yeah devil
worshiper 6xx
says since you guys are leaving only one
question remains which way should I go
now PS Jack can you tell your deadbolt
wedlocke story one last time PPS if
Godfather 42 dozen tree subscribe for
the final stream can you do your
impression one last time
the deadbolt wedlock story is is very
short I'll make it very short which is
to say I was really when I was younger I
went to see a stand-up comedian who I
thought was fantastic just because I was
young and I didn't know any better and
he told this joke and he was doing all
sorts of like quick little zingers and
you know he was upstage and I want to
say he was even dancing like he was
dancing to music and then the music
would stop and he'd do a quick zinger
then he'd go back to dancing I don't
remember how to do anything you can do
it I believe in you I don't remember how
to do anything so I think everybody's
gonna get away is my prediction okay and
so one of his one of his zingers was was
had never been comfortable with with
with marriage and I've never been
married never been comfortable I mean
wedlock who sounds a little too close to
deadbolt but and then you know the music
starts and he goes dancing oh it's great
oh my gourd
SEZ SEZ hey guys thank you for all the
cool content over the years I've never
tipped before here's something for your
trouble just got one last question jack
thoughts on the expanse season finale
which went through that to Ark matters
as gentlemen it's been a rush of
following the streams but I must bid you
farewell to Kings and make my way
through the moving pictures of life but
always remember the permanent waves
you've embedded in my hemispheres Hey
almost on Zoo says dark forces would
have been great for a final stream a
Star Wars doom clone oh my god but
anyways this is my final tip so to pay
my respects to prereq anonymous says you
both seem like legitimately good guys I
always appreciated the honesty and
integrity you're the only reviewers I
trust not to be on the take from game
companies or just doing angry reviews
with eclipse also I enjoyed the manager
sense yeah they're just a couple of
Schmucks
kind of see maybe we can ever turn up
again dear voice says thank you guys for
all the fun time sad to see the only
source of our LM backstage stories go
had to ask would you like to get latest
venture brothers Jackson public and Doc
hammer on best of the word already
answered it
thanks for hours of edutainment says
half-mad zero in the future endeavors
good luck in future endeavors thank you
for that very generous tip we really
appreciated vaccines cause Islam's as
high hacks here's an obnoxious
recommendations Jack Android netrunner
is going out of print soon it's
considered by many to be the greatest
card game ever and the only one with
gameplay comparable to snorting cocaine
hack my central server Android netrunner
I don't know if they've even heard of
them I'll write it down
alright alright then Oh Hunchback Jax is
rich and Jack you guys are some kind of
Awesome some kind of funny some kind of
entertainment and after tonight some
kind of gone thanks for all the laughs
and cheers thank you
Knoll away mmm this is I'm not happy
about it
but I can't understand your decision
wish you the best by the way in the chat
I'll share the list of all the games
you've ever played but before you check
it out would you like to guess which
were the top five most played games
I would assume this would be pretty high
up there I think we play this yeah FTL
Dead Rising this no I don't want to sell
the streams lot of Zelda streams yeah
yeah XCOM oh we didn't have that many
pub G streams
you see Universe Online it's free you
flex that's how you go out Big Apple 3
a.m. that's how you do it
Timbo 5 own forces thanks for all the
laughs of entertainment everyone seems
to be treating this stream as a goodbye
but when I see it as more a see you
later that's true Timbo it's Morrisey I
can't wait to see what you two do next
and rich can we get one last I'm the
fucking prom queen I'm the fucking prom
queen and you always will be
cactus mutt says thank you for
everything guys jack for being the most
positive face of rlm and long live the
Queen prom queen rich Ebony's wish you
all the best
toppings as longtime loser just had to
say that Naughty Dog games do suck anime
is in fact mostly terrible and horror
games are just boring thanks for all the
correct opinions and thanks for all the
interesting topics enjoy some extra time
with your families thank you casual
horror says hi retching jack so sad to
hear that you won't be streaming anymore
thanks for these past few years of
entertainment I understand though in the
end you must follow your motto of don't
do things about don't don't about things
you don't like oh that's right we have
to follow our motto of don't don't about
things you don't like the real Vance is
hating Richard Jack my concert got
canceled so I get to say goodbye one
more time
but then I thought it doesn't have to be
goodbye forever if you like some game in
the future spider-man should doom you
can always come back which treatment
will soon be here Shawn's in Moniz hey
rich just wanted to say thank you for
everything specifically your
recommendation to start the next gen at
season 3 is what finally got me into
Star Trek and it's one of my favorite
shows now so five-card stud nothing wild
yes guys the limits how they got a car
gone and I just used if you haven't
right when I use my teleport so it's
very little I can do about it
bye-bye Oh bad news everyone's is hi
rich I'm Jack sent to see prereq oh but
thanks for all the effort you put into
it along the wave hope you get to play
more games and spend more time with the
people you love I got into FTL XCOM and
doom on your recommendations
I'm rich Vondrak did everyone escape
that's to live okay you can get general
Saiyans is I've been watching you guys
from the beginning and it's sad to see
you go but at least you ended it when it
felt right so thank you for everything
you guys are awesome I'll keep my eye
out for whatever you put out in the
future thank you an arc 1985 says thanks
for the hours upon hours of
entertainment also since Jack enjoyed
the movie what do we do in the shadows I
thought I would let you know there is a
spin-off series called Wellington
paranormal about the police officers
from the movie yeah toil eight seven one
says with Witcher 3 bringing Jack over
to the dark side
will he be trying out classics such as
Dance X and the - Mass Effect's Games
dammit really wish they'd made a third
Mass Effect game oh well one country
probably not I tried a little bit of
Deus Ex mankind divided we were thinking
about doing that for an episode so I got
like five hours into it and really
didn't and I've always always hated
Bioware games I played a couple Bioware
games and never liked them so no I will
not be playing best by
Peter of Peters has rich Jack thank you
for all the years of free rec I'm gonna
miss you too gibbering the chat and all
the game recommendations that see it all
go so dong go down today nothing cold
can stay also my friend Connor says
Norman says I just discovered you
Channel and now you hack frauds are
shutting it down hope you at least
continue with the game reviews keep up
the good work on whichever channel that
work maybe PS have you considered a
gaming podcast LOI editing effort that's
the new meme rich yes considered if I
thought about your podcast a since very
late to the party but watching your
videos for the past years is great shine
on you Hank frogs Thank You Castro says
call McHale oh oh yes yes
rich just got the the water-pump
execution for those who were having
trouble seeing it
just call me cashews fine says thanks
for all the streams my favorites were
the clown one QWOP don't your pants frog
fractions one in Space Quest and the
likes just one last time I recommend Sid
Meier's Alpha Centauri to rich thank you
avi odd says when is Mike going to play
Star Trek bridge crew in VR three
routine cases Jack and rich playing
mspaint movie pictionary and the chat
instantly getting it rich throwing a
table at the end of the order 1886 Jack
getting drunk and shooting at robot
dinos all those moments will be lost in
time like tears in the rain I wasn't
that drunk
Captain Picard II third hey guys I've
been wondering for you wondering this
for years so I asked my talent I still
can
why does everyone keep saying lol can
you adjust the brightness either in-game
or in there I think people are having a
hard time seeing let's go okay give me a
second
lol fuck my cock I I think was an early
joke about the ridiculous things that
all of you people would say in the tips
and in the chat and make us read and so
I think it was it was just one of those
like it was an offhanded joke that I
think rich made like oh you know we're
not we're not gonna show your tips on
screen because all you're gonna say is
fuck no I was gonna say if if you paid
your what you know you pay you always
say lol fuck my cock you got it you got
to give at least your $2 we're going to
find the tip minimum oh okay like a
bunch of one cent tips and B just say
the crazy shit exactly you want me to
say the crazy shit you're okay yeah so
it was just an offhanded remark that
rich made true-blue reviews says thank
you for being a friend travel down the
road and back again your heart is true
you're a pal and a confidante and if you
threw a party invited everyone you knew
you would see the biggest gift would be
from me and the card attached thank you
what about ducktales commissar said
something about ducktales duck lays the
whole first thing sing ducktales sing -
tails waka for four forces speaking of
board games my friend brought over The
Witcher board game recently was a lot of
fun and only slightly shorter than
Witcher 3 or the pórtico still alive
please people are selling
on eBay still like a hacker part Iggy
Zig says is utter oblivion replacing the
prereqs
Captain Picard's is hey rich what's your
favorite fire escape episode he has
headphones on oh sorry
moose caduceus Star Wars Star Wars final
fantasy the last of a Star Wars animated
a crew up on a farm Marvel decent of
Star Wars I'll miss you but I get it
thanks for Isaac Friday the 13th FTL
XCOM spire star 2 etc enjoy your
sabbatical thank you uncanny banannie
says is it true that jack's middle name
is Green Bay no it's not
Anonymous has been watching for years
couldn't make this stream tonight but
I'll catch it later on just wanted to
stop by and say thanks for all the great
streams especially the front of the 13th
era good luck with everything in your
future guys thank you cat flu Lewis I
still can't get over the pre
representing so shut up you can move the
cursor over the beside where it says
ready I'm just kidding life is like a
hurricane here in Duckburg racecars
lazers airplanes
it's a duck blur might solve a mystery
my green write or rewrite history
ducktales woo every day that I've been
having duck tales woooo not ponytails
not goblins hills I think maybe wrong
but
all right
and they change the camera I feel really
really close
well I don't know
let's see here Alaska slack us is so
long thanks guys
I or Duns has just wanted to note that I
gave you what not knowing that you
didn't know it's probably a time what I
don't think that you didn't read them
you gave me $700 not knowing that you
didn't read them I did we've been we've
been reading to my auradon I don't only
talking about crazy an eight nine nine
nine says you hack frauds are my
favorite thing on the internet and I
love you more than words can say rich
would you take a deep breath and say the
dreaded a word and hold the a as long as
you can
really yeah alright
aids I'm sorry what
ADEs oh okay I get it now
I or Don apparently give us a rather
large and impressive tip but in bits
mm-hmm and we did not we don't know we
don't have a way to read damn it damn
you got your song I think it might be
lost your bits might be lost I'm very
sorry I don't know how to go back thank
you thank you for your tip we really we
really do okay well thank you we
appreciate you
let's see here's oink oh yeah can you
believe that your faves people
CGP grey Lindsey Ellis and Jenny
Nicholson are all friends now look on
Twitter lol my friend also saw Jenny at
Target sadly I was thirty minutes too
late it's good scrape zat says I joined
twitch to ask you guys if you've got my
half in the bag embroidery in two years
later I have a bunch of amazing friends
on movie dicks and a ton of
entertainment cheers guys great Sansa El
Tigre says with all the douchey video
game content
you tube you guys were a wonderful
shining light going to miss you guys
under streams those Friday the 13th
streams were classic chica muumuus is
thanks for the me Marie's ha ha ha
please don't leave
MC Lucas has wanted to thank you guys
again for the pc building stream it
inspired me to build my own gaming room
i'm watching you on it right now and
couldn't be happier by the way the
homeopathy staff / stereo chronic scam
is one of my favorite moments in all my
49 months
chromey optics but dude deuces will
peeps 13 says hey guys i've been
watching the show since the crazy taxi
stream you were there to entertain my
evenings when I went abroad for six
months a year ago I'll miss you guys but
I'll miss dick neutral the most thanks
for everything
okay also que fucked my cock dick
neutral right way tacky
you come quietly or there will be
trouble Keeton kaleidoscopic says that
guy's this frog would even my first and
last hit but just want to say thank you
for the 400 plus hours of pretty decent
entertainment and also say thank you to
the chat for providing the great
community here but what has your more
gotcha moment we've already we've
already talked a lot about good stories
III - really enjoyed building the PCs it
it opened my eyes to a new world of tech
support and possibilities and I think
that's great and you know I like I like
though all the voices streams all of our
voices streams were my favorites to do
even though they wrecked my voice death
John says thanks for all the content
looking forward to whatever's next in
the meantime I'll be switching my
subscription over to the rlm patreon so
if Jack ever falls on hard times
remember this message rich and give him
two dollars and fifty cents per month
thanks absolutely I'll hold rich to that
Commissar doe says doesn't have to be
Twitter just some platform in which it
would be easier for us to have an
occasional back and forth with some of
the fans maybe reddit forum posts is
less cancerous cesspool there it can be
fun to share quick thoughts and engage
with others pixelated penis so sorry for
the repeat message don't know if the
first ones went through so here have
some more money Jack yes yes you are
indeed hopefully you said I'm Jack oh I
didn't I'm sorry you both are the
greatest all the best from Serbia and
can I have an AIDS Rich just did it yeah
you got enough eh more than enough AIDS
man everyone got their AIDS mule says
thanks for the amazing four years your
police quest and space quest streams
were my favourites I'm repeating the
suggestions to a general audio only our
and podcast with no set schedule where
you can talk about anything you want
good luck in the future
swears the cabins spawn go on these
little maps yeah I have no idea I've
never played on the ones
shawne's Simona says Jack it's been
great watching your journey into
Dungeons & Dragons from over here in
Madison may your dice always roll what
you need even if it's not always what
you want if you ever want a DM I'm only
an hour way and I'll gladly make food
thanks again thanks John Lloyd beets
says after subbing for four years very
sad prereq is ending I will cherish the
many clips I've made from your streams
clutching them closely until the heat
death of the universe Thank You Lloyd
beats sick NIC bro says dear rich now
that prereq is ending you will have more
time to go to rob zombie concerts here's
five dollars to put towards a ticket to
this to his next show I like you guys
and I hope you enjoy your retirement
thank you poo poo pee pee dad's has just
wanted to take this last chance to give
you bad boys a few bucks it's been a
hell of a run guys thanks for all the
Star Trek conversations video game
ramblings movie opinions and everything
in between
lol poo poo my pee pee dad's and hohoho
does anybody have the gas or the fuse
yeah people are like Uncle video says
now I know I have a heart because it's
breaking just kidding I don't feel
feelings so take my five dollars and
fuck right off
seriously though freeway and rlm have
given me seemingly endless hours of
entertainment please jack the return of
poop again pee I I'll do what I can
foreign for a gin cylinder says thanks
for casual horse the doom song mega
punch frog fractions and all the old My
gods and the return of Don Wilson of all
the souls I've met in my travels you
were the most human I'm checking the map
I don't see the keys or the battery I'm
assuming nobody picked them up in the
first place
hero priest says I have often sent rude
tips to you guys I was going through a
tough time and I thought it was funny I
want to apologize for that and tell you
that you have helped me significantly
well thank you do you do you happen to
know where the oh good I'm right by the
phone
no I'd feel bad killing a Jason I got a
feeling this Jason's not very
experienced marble cake 1 2 3 4 says no
offense rich but jack is my favorite
jack needs some love too man all right
all right so we got a I think we just
wait out for the cops then strange
letter says I'm not really into gaming
but your streams have been immensely fun
to watch police quest Space Quest Batman
Friday the 13th Octodad are among my
favorites I love and respect on hell out
of our om you know what you guys like
cheese love y'all
all the best thank you we appreciate it
all right all right we're getting we're
getting there
hunchback jax is as great as you guys
are i want to give a shout out and thank
you to the chat mods mods you've not
kept on civil over the patter sounds fun
we're gonna head to the car you helped
set the tone and chat that made it an
enjoyable place to be thank you mom
you know when in in the beginning there
was a big problem with the chat you know
it was the Wild West and our mods have
been fantastic
and shutting down any sort of and
anything that could lead to that kind of
real toxic community and and more so
like the rest of the junk like you guys
all of you together have a hub set of
really great tone homers it's why if
things like movie dicks can exist you
know we can have diabetes you know we
can we can have that kind of community
here and I think that's great
having this absolutely true reviews as
I've been in need of motivation so
before you sign off is there any
inspiring words or general advice you
want to thank everyone who wants to
start or pursue their creative talent
whether it be moviemaking writing or
whatever they want to do a true-blue
review here's all you need to know if
you work on something just a little bit
every day you have that little bit Bob
that's it so if you're working on
writing a book let's say you write a
paragraph and that's it like oh I just
wrote a paragraph today that's wrong
paragraph that you have done that you
don't have to worry about then you just
get a little bit done every day you can
do it just keep working a little bit
every day Punk
everyone says hey guys I've been a fan
of rlm since 2010 thanks for all the
great content the order 1886 review my
favorite prereq video I have three
questions on what your favorite
pre-rolled who are your favorite authors
and well JD Anton
live thanks again we're trying get out
in the car rich is going the MVP what's
the question
favorite prereq episode do discuss we
had so much dude was a good one I also
really enjoyed our our Batman Batman
Arkham Knight review I thought we had a
lot of I think you know we had a lot of
good criticism but get one more in our
community so Arkham Knight might be one
of my favorites alright somebody get in
somebody get in oh you're in oh shit
James I Cameron says my first and last
tip for the stream thank you for all the
entertainment and work I have one
question about video games as an art as
an artistic merits or yeah that's a big
topic we can't go FN oryx's hey guys I'm
sad to hear that your ending stream love
you hopes is seamless somewhere in the
future here's a small donation thanks
for the wonderful times thank you yeah
phew towles is high from India first
time tipper
last time viewers thank you for keeping
my mental health intact as two years ago
I met with a brutal road traffic
accident and broke my leg
alright we did it it work first FTL now
slay the spire you guys got me into
games and TNG well thank you for
watching
gahafer quarter says I finally beat FTL
on a hard thanks for getting me into it
rich named everybody could be going to
miss you are LM is but a door twitch is
but a window you will be back whoa I
don't even close no we have we have one
more page we have to cut it off here I'm
so very sorry to everyone whose tips
we've missed but obviously there is just
our touch there is in touch far too many
of you you all are are ridiculously too
generous to us we really appreciate it
but you know we just we have to stop at
some point because then we'll never stop
because then we'll never ever stop and
don't stop streaming there's just all
right well then we'll get through a
couple more then we'll get through a
couple more the hunka chunk us is rich I
was watching an old stream and you
spoiled the ending to preacher I'm still
salty about that sorry jack I figured
the statue of limitations were like well
passed thanks Jack for the username
inspiration gonna miss you fucks done
beverage says you guys were a shining
example of us C and F with your stream
especially the Q I hated pretty much
every other game you guys played but
keep coming back for great Grimpen gonna
miss U's hanging Finn Eric says also I
was just curious and wrote a python
script and found you have 63 days
okay listen to this much yeah 63 days 15
hours 15 minutes and 10 seconds
currently on YouTube I'm a days 63 shit
shit it would take you almost 64 days to
watch all the content non-stop non-stop
that's fucked up that's great
dad's for Dolomites says thank you chip
chips four years of entertainment you
missed 87 since ad see you guys go but
all things must come to an end on a side
note I have a signed copy of space cop
but it doesn't have jack signature and
needed is there a way to get that sexy
clown to sign it so long free right
thanks for the laughs I don't know the
there's a new thing happening with
signatures right now it's a little
influx so little influx missed but just
keep it up
naive thrower this is best of luck with
whatever the two of you do in the future
has been a great one you had fraud so
longer thanks for the fish Beyond
infinite says I've been watching for
four years I told Jack to hunker the
fuck down
during the punch-out stream I've been
unable to catch that chink as work I
stayed up too late you'll never know the
joy and humor and and heart you brought
man
bye for now bye for now oh man guys so
many lordy axes thanks for all the free
entertainment you guys I'm gonna miss
you from riches bad analogies to Jack's
hatred of my analogies are fantastic
nobody has better analogies than me
nobody you guys are more chill than 99%
of everyone else on this platform PS
Jack please say streaming strudel
strumpet
the best analogies the absolute best
analogies hold on for one mile yeah
we're even near close right yeah we're
you just leaving
you're just leaving you're just done
that's how you're ending you just watch
just walking out going home 1,600
viewers Wow Wow
thank you I know I know
oh I'm back hmm give me one of it I'm
not doing anything over here
all right I'm gonna start reading the
name of all of the wonderful wonderful
people fuck guys fuck
bicycles one two three four four one
motherfucking month in a row are you
okay do you need a break
teen bro for one motherfucking month or
oh or do you want to read their names
already through names I can make it
alright I can make it
rebel scum eighty-three for one
motherfucking months in a row we got
that one I think we got it I think we
got to undo the months I think we just
read all the names ok just names no
months ago I think right like for the
time sake there's so many of you and
it's 11 o'clock all right heliosphere of
1969 like even reading the I think so
yeah we read that okay
I'm generally going to miss you guys
thanks for everything bicycles one two
three four that one showed up three
times for some reason our great magic
feasts of crooks one me on bacon shirts
furry badgers Blanco Rico real Jerry
Seinfeld and the roll Abdo jest
who says previously on previously
recorded doctor jug but mud or metal
pacifist says hey Jack and rich
I'm sad that you were ending prereq but
I thank you for the years of content
hope you have fun gaming without
answering star wars questions also is it
fair to say that cinematic gaming killed
prereq love you
absolutely / black Thomas prime Oh Jake
m0 von Cosel vice-versa man says thanks
for everything guys the problem Trev s
lover 3200 fuck my cock says I've only
subbed for six months but I've been
watching since literally the first
stream thanks for your laps and good
times I hope you understand just how
appreciated you are I think we do
tonight oh yeah we totally do thank you
thank you everyone this is an
overwhelming amount of love and support
it's honestly a little terrifying and
Ames l who says it was a genuine
pleasure to sit down and play video
games while I listen to you to shoot the
shit thanks for all the fun all right
say Jeff says I had a great time
watching you guys over the years will be
excited to watch whatever you do next
Halla but barn says how do I unsubscribe
from this mailing list
just keep subscribing everything will be
fine all the time Pez freak says I'm
gonna miss you guys much love from
Sweden Thank You Duke Leopold would G
Howells variety hauls variety pack for
38 months in a row that's very long well
maybe a long ones this is the end who
says this is the end
but the moment has been prepared for the
Requiem of prereq the prereq we like
many of your views this show has helped
me through some very dark times in my
life thank you both you were fantastic
lol rip my
prereq thank you endless blockade case
kvarner mandy k Kevon Normandy oh I
don't think there's no-one there for the
Normandy era it's fine man Normandy oh
I'm sure it's fine
good fine but score wise John 1089 s
thank you for the years of hard work and
entertainment press f to pay respects
and Boron's this farewell previously
recorded thanks for spending time with
us and good luck in the future
thank you miss toots 4/9 no we're not
talking those who says I cancels all my
meeting and left work early to watch you
fucks I am devastated that I won't make
it to my 24th fucking month and I gotta
say this is worse than being dumped but
I understand love you hacks miss touched
for twenty four fucking months at her
own I did that one Jack I'm sorry he did
it collecting data says where are the
clones there are to be clones thanks for
the memories dick bags lol kicked my
cunt new lessons of life Mel neuter 91
says finally subscribe for multiple
months in a row can't wait to keep
subbing for no reason
you gots to make it up to do toe
decimals who says I made a twitch
account just to subscribe to you guys
and we'll leave it active for three more
months to post humorously earn that
motherfucking thanks for all the good
times and especially for playing the
Space Quest games as usual you've been a
real hoot thank you called your fists
says rich what do you think of the
spider-man suit for the ps4 game I think
it looks great
looks like you can change the suit
pretty early on yeah the AC who says sad
to see you go I still can't believe I'll
never see you again
ever the 18 months flew by so fast
anyway good night sweet prince and Jack
I'll miss you frauds
oh sweet prince and Jack yeah you're the
sweet prince oh my guess
the that perved venom I like to think of
myself like you ever you ever watch like
red carpet interviews like when when you
know celebrities go down the red carpet
and they have heard venom heard venom oh
sorry you ever watch a red carpet
interviewing celebrities good on the red
car everything you know they got to take
pictures they get asked by reporters and
sometimes they'll take a date with them
to the premiere but that date isn't like
a famous person and so they'll just
stand off to the side and wait and be
patient that's like my job I feel like
rich is the sweet prince I'll just wait
here Jack the string would destroy I
would never have been without you it's
true I never I never would have started
a stream I know my place though I know
where I know where the talent is Jack
does not get enough credit think about
that people where were we
none of this would be without Jack
goddamn it it's true Steve the ghost
also none of the mistakes would be here
without me either so it's kind of a I
haven't done much to fix him so it would
give us a little taketh Steve the ghost
says I had something sappy typed up but
fuck that so you guys were awesome rich
I still think you should have done a
versus match against Jack in XCOM maybe
next stream Jack I'll keep bugging you
on Twitter once in a while later
absolutely vodka for four for Zenit rope
do you if you want to do it Zenit rope
today is your four year anniversary for
48 goddamn motherfucking months in a row
who says I want to add my thanks for
everyone for everything you've done it's
been an amazing 48 goddamn motherfucking
months I appreciate it I really do never
forget we went on an amazing adventure
and got a flak cannon out of it whoo
good luck and best wishes on your next
endeavors thank you seeing a drum glam
wait glamour didn't nice hook up I says
hey guys your stream has become a
regular part of my Wednesdays and
Sundays for the past two years so very
sad to see you go thanks so much for
literally thousands of hours of gaming
quality content prereq will be e replace
of
thank you and that's I mean it's correct
no no one no one does it better mo glow
177 TM to Megatron who says so this is
the end for now
it's sounding less definitive each time
you guys talk about it I want to make it
clear we're not dying we still do stuff
won't be this well you'll see us around
god damn it
nothing else is ending and we're gonna
be part of many many videos either way
I'm glad I was able to be here for the
final prereq stream good luck with your
future projects and keep those bests of
the worst coming see even you know we're
making other stuff I'm turning in your
Kermit cuz my throat hurts
we're not even a quarter in a fifth of
the weight MZ you you fucking dickheads
are so great this is dammit it's so
great Bob
danger waffles monkey man strikes backs
as where's pipes when you need him oh we
needed a pipes today we needed someone
to carry the team and we didn't have
them
bender ease way Diddy twenty three space
camo so has been watching since the
first stream and will truly miss this
not just having you guys listen and
interact with twice a week but also
everyone in the chat you have been and
always shall be my friends thanks guys
welcome urban vermin
Brian crew says I missed the NPR style
banter you guys provide him and will
also never get forget rich giving me an
early shout-out for 24 months all I had
to do was have cancer not a joke by the
way
thanks Rick I remember I'm glad you're
still here right like I do think
everything rich we are we are the NPR
but instead of like two people who know
what they're talking about
we're just two people who talk a lot and
try to replace knowing about things with
talking more fly lighter
rain dog x80 suggests 22-fret jeff bezos
ah again forced hours out of 50 says
I've been an off-and-on viewer
subscriber for the whole run thank you
guys so much for all the amazing gaming
shenanigans which is Dead Rising no
death run was a particular highlight who
would win in a fight between Darth Vader
and Batman Batman because his fans won't
ever let him loose okay Kings sticky
gang general Gore say it again general
Gore foreign cylinder blame five says
I'll miss you guys Oh bother
valiant bloodshot says I'm gonna miss
you guys their streams have been
something I look forward to every Sunday
and Wednesday always entertaining and
they got me through sometimes tough
times it's too bad we never got another
Jace stream that would have been a great
way to end could have been climb
Fandango says hey guys how about a
little more notice for the last stream
in the future my wife and I have been
with from the beginning and we'll we'll
miss the streams the very first game I
suggested was star controlled - I do
hope you will give it a try someday
it's like like we could have like wide
and like slowed down you know things are
changing we're revamping and then just
slowly stop but I know that would have
been honest yeah well that's the thing
like kind of we made a call and it's
like yeah well here's we made the call
we might as well do it we're ripping the
band-aid off yeah yeah are all of us
sorry sorry I even GPX aj pimps all said
should be my forty five months later the
forty five month anniversary but I lost
track three months ago
no I say you guys keep going the missing
forty two months seriously though thanks
for everything fellas really gonna miss
these streams and reviews good luck on
whatever's next
Loen Aarhus is our IP prereq sad face
I am de nerd Masters is going to miss
your deep and thoughtful discussions on
Laura Croft scans well good on you
looking forward to best of the worst and
whatever else you do with rlm thanks you
know that was a recent favorite of mine
yeah I was pretty good discussing Laura
Croft scans that thanks for really even
jealous prime Burke's
and uie and we know we can we barks and
we know gaming a unicorn says got prime
just so I could support you guys and at
the time I got a discount for six months
so quit at the perfect moment but
seriously thanks for all the time you've
invested in prereq and I wish you the
best of luck with rlm and future
endeavors
Thank You D Humberto wast Cabbage Patch
alright Jessica took 13 shrimp Lee
pimples dreamer TK Geritol follies to
Dax this is your channel meant so much
to me it is part of my most drum is part
of the most dramatic part of my life I
guess that makes it a comedy because of
the end King is so good and hopeful for
the future thank you I look forward to
what you do next thank you what should
Dirk do siq I think that's which doctor
which doctor which doctor music that's
like how you would spell which doctor on
a license plate okay Darkwing schmuck
who says thanks for the memories wish
you guys would at the very least keep up
the episodes we will get with it we're
not taking down the twitch channel or
the YouTube channel come back to them
any time obviously but I'll continue to
look Oh keep up the episode maybe that
means yeah views I get what you're
saying looking forward to seeing you on
best/worst regardless Jack I'm currently
playing through her eyes
and loving it excellent fell 5001 says
thanks for all the entertainment Breen
is God
that's what what do you do for bringing
is God because you can't do the cross I
guess you have to do eating tuna out of
the can I guess
all praise just a middle finger fuck it
Breen is gone
ah young juror I bring these guys such
thanks for all the great content over
the years ironic mmm Ronix I got that
right
ironic mnemonics okay okay
that's forget y'all is good enough for
me great I'm nasty Jash wait this is
thanks for all the twitch farmer Phipps
vulgar puppy who says Aloha more like
Aloha I get it ice bone badger says I
enjoyed reviews even when you don't hate
the game and the stream despite the fact
that you didn't help me through any hard
times sorry my life was uneventful II
fine fine I look forward to seeing rich
in Jack's game station 3.0 thank you
very much
ridiculously whose's thanks so much for
the great content guys what do you think
of our arrows potential for radically
transforming human experience with
technology
do you feel like a part of that
transformation much love take care yes
wit wiki prim Prison cannon
Alex Scorpio or vaunt roller wit there's
a roller a roller with it there's that
isn't it listen an R that's just roll
with it let's just roll with it I was
saying an R in front of that W roll with
it we've discussed this I probably need
glasses
Tom TBA scup cakes Sam Snyder's
akagi's resurrect a cog in red sun one
beared tone time I give I'm gonna really
getting all the weird ones so you guys
helped me through some of the toughest
times in my life I'm sad that I watched
you on YouTube for months before I came
here and found even more magic I love
you and there's nothing you can do about
it except for maybe try to convince you
all to have some some clearer to read
names yeah doctor Talos nibbles 77 snake
lots of fives 4:20 hill XY yeah
69 that's great I love it that at one
point that was like probably a really
cool gamertag and now it's an ironic
gamertag actually that should be 420
hell x yeah 69 yeah yeah that's it
that's it but like that's like a hipster
gamertag ya know isn't it way isn't it
weird that I have this 42069 gamertag I
love it I love that we're getting
hipsterish bless our drugs I'm Co says
my prime finally worked
Sam you guys are going Jack you guys
keep on saying you will do make up
streams but I never once saw rich put
any on by the way the last time is like
no like no I you will always be going oh
I'm horrible sorry I'm not worthy not
worthy
link no I I think you know like that's
just sink is like a comedy yeah fry
Leslie and so like I just want to say
zinc not so I think that's why I do it
too yeah no one wants to know how
Michael J reacted to the news they
didn't laugh did they mister
Preston Freeman I the mage Peter of
Peter dad's for Dolomites Eppie
nonnamous says thank you both you
beautiful souls but watching you for
three years now I loved every minute
minute of it I'll still haunt your page
and I think I'll keep subscribing a
while just in thanks live long and
prosper Thank You old handsaw says
woohoo 24 months can't wait for the next
20 foot oh shit
Happy Trails guys thanks alabanza
sala pilgrim turbo tubby no hit wonder
a fluffy Mobius 36 fucking months
motherfucking months in a row says Thank
You Dragon Ridge for the many hours of
entertainment I'll be missing y'all's
live streams very much at least I can
walk away knowing that I managed to
share some tips to jack on the
difference between pillars and columns
like the columns of a Coliseum yeah I
will never forget that like the columns
on a Coliseum roof it wasn't pillars and
columns think you got it backwards
well no it's rows and columns oh okay
he's never mind no I think there's no
pillar pillar is definitely up and down
well and a pillar is like a column but I
think it's a fluffy mobius shared the
difference between pillars and columns
but that's a reference to an earlier
joke where I always had a hard time
between rows and columns which one is up
and down yeah yeah and a column like in
the Coliseum I got that now but then
fluffy mobius shared more knowledge with
us
HW filly this new subscriber the noble
Eskimo master kenobi double-oh-seven
jesus fellow for 50 months in a row
fifty goddamn motherfucking months
that's amazing I think that's that's the
tops so far Master Kenobi says 50 months
that's a nice round number you guys are
the best
full-stop from the bottom of my heart
thanks for doing prereq and letting us
interact with you from know death runs
to horse suicides you should be proud of
what you streamed well done thank you
mostly mostly hey Steve Morin no hay sea
marine down sure
oh my god Rock or gap ha
vengeful turducken that says best of
luck Franz Thank You Matthew
EB tourney Mac says just give us a
podcast once every few months thanks for
being great guys
nasty flat says I really respect how you
guys have chosen to quit before reaching
mediocrity thanks for all the streams
see that's the thing nasty plots over
this we've always been here just tell
he's been here captain jerk I are done
this is thanks for everything jack and
rich is an Iron Man or Lord on I think I
believe that's a capital I ok the stud
comic Spock who says it hurts to set you
free
but you'll never follow me the end of
laughter and soft lies the end of nights
we tried to die this is the end thank
you and good night
emerald magic crazy Nate 9 9 9 who says
like Dolly Parton and Whitney Houston I
will always love you but I can't help
but think this sounds like a breakup I
expect you guys to start saying things
like we need to see other people and no
no no it's not you it's me
anyways good luck and we we kind of have
been saying that I'm like oh no rich and
I need to do this we really appreciate
it to you the chat has been wonderful
and we are also saying like make sure
you guys support other stream where's
this plenty of great streamers
they're good at video game channel we
actually have been doing that right yeah
chrono link 91 tella frag 82 zauber
kraut goat salad Ezekiel jeans baby
Slayer 1 5 6 says thanks men for 4 great
years of streams looking forward to what
comes next also rich my aunt Susie
blushed when she said she had a crush on
you and you called her an aunt I'd like
to fuck she said if this is the last
chance here she goes Suzy loves you rich
Evans thank you Susie mushy patch says
sunrise sunset I don't remember this is
Ann's I'd like to fuck maka Big Apple 3
a.m. millennium tea Sorella soup true
shea who says sad I won't ever reach
fucking age but thanks Drex on dracs
off beyond infinite love at first sight
Boober get 6 it's also for 50 mother 1
you've been there since forever 6 6 you
might you might have been one of the
firsts for 50 goddamn motherfucking
months in a row who says r.i.p Thank You
6 6 the hunk of chunka chunka chunka
sneaker e who says farewell you
magnificent axe ho chunks Klondike 5 the
funky phantom star horror Bulls who says
thanks for introducing me to twitch 3
years ago it's been an amazing ride
I'll miss y'all but wish you both
happiness thank you push level says Teen
Titans baby fuck Batman
ah spice and meet the ball boon Doha XG
Bisco 37 who says only God in two
consecutive months but damn what was
that a fun ride we'll miss all of this
so much the Rising Sun says thanks for
all the stuff guys it's been great sir
Billis sir bilious maybe Servilius
sibelius ooh could be that - sure sure -
we George sure Tim we sure I would sure
- it sure Tim we like it I like it
brutally J nibbler
Joshua something Oh can't striker hatch
chicks sky Trotter
Davian can't be to crack cocaine
captain Bacardi third says glad I got to
play rocket League with you guys tonight
loved all the prereq tent and casual
whores casual horse will always be my
favorite gaming meme yes I subscribed
for two years but forgot to renew
earlier this year that's just another
example one of those moments where you
know we were hiding behind remember that
and metal yourself I were not we were
hiding behind our horse and we were able
to saunter past a guard and not have him
notice us I was adorable actually like
that mechanic it's it is adorable but
like it's something that I would have
had a mild chuckle at if I was just
playing by myself but because it was
part of the group and a ridiculous thing
happening yeah a great moment H in swim
oh oh I'm missing swill bow Jagan's
rune be who says thanks for all the
streams Sundays and Wednesdays won't be
the same without you dev TV oxford 6 6
dick fingers
sorry it's fine it's great base nine
nine nine blueberry dev TV we did that
one twice oh oh yeah
sorry it's fine how about Josh is Floyd
who says thanks you so much for
everything the way you handled the pool
conversation was one of the most
greatest moments I've ever seen you make
me proud to be your fan okay
Kinney abominable Scotsman who says game
over man game over team giraffe Wilkins
the clown who says many thanks for the
years of entertainment you glorious act
France misbehavin Raven says I'm gonna
miss you guys you're a good-hearted
people and twitch will be a little
dimmer without you good luck for all
your future ventures I'm sure there's
gonna be plenty of kids playing
fortnight with rappers this kind of
witch is gonna be fine
questionable number 16 I was fond of him
farm 37 chicken Chasseur er mr. Alex
Reynolds says just had just last night
at work my friend Emily sighed and said
I need rich Evans laugh in my life
tonight reminded me that prereq was
ending I told her we had a moment of
shared sadness thank you so much for
spending your time with us farewell and
thank you all for spending your time
with us I really appreciate him Kunj I
24 dre 2.0 sabe o Freston herro dude 892
Alger nup who says the hell I do with
this prime sub now they find a kid who's
playing fortnight with a rapper thanks
rich and Jack for all the content past
and future will
miss this background noise while working
late all the best ate or drank own 91 uh
tack a brash who says 11 months goodbye
for everyone Lulla monster Panthers 409
1 Jamela mo ripped rip fall who says
well nine months of fun sad to see you
go but in the words of Doug Anderson or
the best oh all the best in your future
endeavors
most Doug Anderson don't know ok under
the full moon
Eric burr thanks for the great content
see ya twitch Cowboys that Bojack punkin
shoe says completely understand I can't
stand your fans either through pumpkin
shoe we love all of you and we
appreciate that you all spend your time
with us Mike or Deus me cor Deus pretty
close me and Kourt dais your stranger a
big part in getting through my recent
divorce sad this end but I look forward
to your next projects and wish you the
best
thank you please pet biscuit he's a good
boy he is a good boy Jay Len Fisher King
hole Errol vilely sure Heller a vile
something like that yeah one of those
sir dang cthe of whale roll-off matech
says f f MDMK 7000 - hi Nina
Franken west s Jobi 89 m s GE / am rests
and recipient mr. poopy pants
they'll disbarred that's broke me that
broke me Manny the Vera King Dick Cheney
Ace Attorney MS forum recipient Agra
fuck egregious factor message param
recipient arena soccer Ivan Li says
thanks for all the entertainment and
introducing me to some great games take
care and good luck in all your endeavors
thank you thank you
bleach e^x MSG / M there's gotta be some
kind of weird I bet that's a squatcher
yeah flub so pet jounin yeah dick gently
ur has we've gotten so many subs we've
we've damaged that we watch her we've
damaged that watcher dick jailer says
did I get it I never got to be unfucked
they see you guys it won't be the same
okay
angel thump if we really have a
literally almost every single one of
them after this think we've just gotten
so many we've broken the Twatter you
guys did it
you broke the watcher P B IJ fed up
bruschetta a doctor scientist man some
bar dirty Bowl Jim Saphira revenge X
echo def stuff beam Wyatt and relentless
42 says been around the very first
stream thanks for all the laughs guys
I'm sad to see you go good luck in your
next endeavor and I'll see you guys on
the next best of the worst citizen one
one eight cricket Scrooge and the
group's Kreutz me groots
who says just made it to six months warp
speed 33 mad pretty
Oh scopic this new subscriber who says
you might remember that I program hack
bot thank you thank you and Karen and
Jay for embracing hack BOTS know
completely especially Karen who who
quite wonderfully thought that that hack
pot was talking to her I remember when
you would open streams with lady Tita oh
that was ages ago
thanks for letting me be part of your
community
thank you this new subscriber PackBot
has been has been in indescribably
helpful for answering questions that we
don't want to answer over and over again
Satan preachers II more 888 mocks maybe
Muncie mocks us maybe I thought it's
like those French things like that rule
I blunt molecular Lionel repent
KJ tb8 Jodi Berger rinks not Captain
Picard says Rick can you read this
Farscape code for me please humans are
superior also how about that season 2
star trek discovery trailer looks like
it's trying to be the Orville now we'll
see senator Bart Simpson
Scott Cebu nope but soft see boot and
seven of Borgnine thank you all for all
the good times for everything over the
last geez four and a half to five years
nuts thank you all very much over my e I
appreciate everything every little bit
of it all we can do in return is is play
a little bit we quit give a little bit
back we can play a little bit more Jack
we can play a little bit of the one game
they've been asking us to play yeah so
I'm ready are you ready I'm ready for it
move me over go ahead move you over Oh
click on the oh yeah I gotta get the
right screen up you know make sure it's
working there it is alright let's play a
little bit of us I got my I got my my
controller ready no it's got to do a
little update here okay and plate give
it a second
I downloaded this today just to make
sure we got a little bit of playtime in
there's myelin mild language okay
