Jun 25, 2018
Does Whatever a Miserable Middle Aged Man Can (pt 2)
twitch.tv/videos/278465022
youtube.com/watch?v=wN_59GFAyII
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1011355781575462914

it's not gonna lamppost I bet that
happens to spider-man all the time oh
fuck it's the kind of Liam posted Wow
look yep
this game is about ten years old yeah
something along those lines yes doesn't
look half bad they went in in shattered
Dimensions they went with uh with a more
like sell shady look yeah to the
spider-man doesn't look bad though
doesn't look bad at all which spider-man
gainer this this is spider-man a web of
shadows
this game came out in October 2008 so
yes just about ten years ago you think
we do a heist for kingpin try to kill me
you know I'll be honest I don't think
the outfit works with with this
particular 3d rendering of her it looks
it looks unnatural they say that the
black cat looks unnatural well I'd say
that's probably an accurate statement
jack what I'm saying is I enjoy the way
she's drawn in the comic but here when
she's moving it looks you know it kind
of looks like a body horror nothing out
of her did she pay for them or did she
steal them no those are part of her
super powers rich what what I mean is
this looks like body horror what are you
gonna do this is y'all this is all you
not a good Rob alright gonna sleep
abroad I don't find a copy of the game
motherfucker
oh they can't we already discussed that
so I'm sure it's on YouTube oh sure all
bad cutscenes oh there you go boom I
think they wanted you to choose kiss and
she's blackhat knows what kind of
diseases she has literally one of her
fighting moves his kiss then punch so
yeah if she does that with like random
henchman to it
who knows what em lips have been
blind one-eyed monster I'm not gonna
read your tip just because it contains
some spoilers for legion season two but
I kind of agree and yes the actor who
plays The Shadow King is super badass
and cool whoever that actor is is
wonderful but I'm not gonna read the
rest of your tip because it contains
spoilers so you kind of agree it's you
know overall it's alright next season is
gonna be interesting
can they do black cat in the Marvel
Studios movie or would it be too weird
since spider-man is 15 years too weird
because spider-man's 15 years old give
it time
give it a little time but I can do
there's a joke in there like she can't
be a main character they did that and
they also put spider Mike Hannibal I
know and I fucking loved it it wasn't
with black cat though it was with it was
with it was when he teamed up with
Wolverine and they went to meets Black
Widow right I'm pretty sure if I can was
but I can't - she's all attracted him
and she sees him without the mask off
and then she throws up oh yes yes yeah
that's right yeah
she sees it without the mask and she
actually throws I guess he's a kid he's
a 15 year old kid in the ultimate kind
of she's a grown-ass man no I was
thinking when he was uh I was thinking
that part when he's teamed up with
Wolverine and they go to visit Black
Widow okay
and he just can't function because she's
the most attractive woman in the world I
don't remember that and he's just a kid
and he like you know he's following
Wolverine around the city and they run
into Black Widow and he can't do
anything it's just well who is that why
hey I have a ball it was that was great
I think I think if they do you know
depending on who teams up in in a part
two of infinity whatever if Tom Holland
runs into Scarlett Johansson there could
be a fun moment there of just him not
being able to function because she's too
attractive so that could be fun
which would work for Tom Holland because
he is such a he's such a fresh fresh
face right innocent kid
ah moon night nobody's favorite
character nobody's favorite character
nation tonight
well I'm know there's one person in the
chat who's gonna be really mad I'm
saying that their line who nights
nobody's favorite nobody's favorite
character moon night aka this one writer
is still under contract so we have to
put out in the night books oh you know
he won't be guys come on it won't be
what infinity war infinity war no no wow
you know yeah you know he's a snow
trooper I don't get it I don't get the
whole moon night thing Marvel Batman
right do we need that no we don't you
know I really don't you just think if
you were Marvel at that point you're
like okay we have two options one find
something different to do with moon
night to maybe we just cut them out
because you know they're already doing
Batman pretty good over there let's just
let them have that one as well can I ask
a question but I have I have the
sneaking suspicion we've had this
conversation before and I don't remember
it okay well ask the question and I'll
see you in a hypothetical future one you
know Disney they're on the way now when
they inevitably own all pop culture
we've had this conversation we have yes
when Disney absorbs DC Comics yes what
will happen when Disney also owns DC
comic do they integrate the DC
characters into the Marvel Universe and
if they do do they incorporate the goofy
fictional cities into the Marvel
Universe we've had this exact same
conversation we had oh yeah I don't
remember oh it went
they are they they they don't do the
crossover yeah is what they do because
once they do the crossover then they
can't put out as many movies throughout
the year if they keep them separate
universes they can they can then add to
DC movie releases a year I'm talking
about in the go like in that you can
keep the movie separate but now I guess
we've merged the comics you're kind of
gonna merge the movie yeah of course but
no like so could you imagine just the
just the the revenue source of to Marvel
movies to Star Wars movies and to DC
movies every single fucking year and
then like once every three years they do
a crossover event yes in the movies and
everyone loses their goddamn yeah yeah
and then and then at the end of one of
the crossover events we see Darth Vader
show up and they cross the Star Wars
with Marvel and DC and everyone pees
their pants
the one thing I'm legitimately afraid of
okay the one of my legitimate fear in
real life yes is that you know you know
I enjoy the Marvel movies yeah I don't
love every single one but in general I
enjoy the Marvel movies yeah and it's a
good thing they got going on yeah keV IG
yeah yeah do you want to leave that
Marvel thing and fix our Star Wars
problem I'm dreading that day it's when
they ruin the precious wonderful Marvel
Universe to fix up that god-awful Star
Wars thing well that they have
absolutely mismanaged that won't happen
because Kevin Feige will say no because
he's a Marvel maybe eat maybe he likes
Star Wars to Jack everyone likes Star
Wars except for me that what what will
happen though and here's here's what
your real concern should be is Kevin
Feige now mega gazillionaire yeah says
you know what I'm out of stories this
has been a great ride I'm gonna hand it
off yeah and he goes and retires and
does his shit and then the next person
says alright I got my own ideas
that is just over right then it's done I
just done yours done well I mean they're
still putting him out
well whatever yeah they're still putting
them out they just plop
it'll be like Star Wars you know I still
like the first three movies you know
everything that's come after and
everything about the universe is crap
mm-hmm I still like the first three sure
sure
you know I mean eventually Kevin finds
he's not gonna want to make them anymore
yeah and you know then I guess it's just
a great big we'll see it's like it's
like when when Steve Jobs died and you
know they had a little bit of material
at Apple left over and really they've
kind of been treading water since on the
technology front no uh no disrespect to
mr. Cook but haven't seen a ton of great
tech Chet as stupid as the Ewoks are
that's how much dumber the rest of the
Star Wars universe is all right I'll
take I'll take a walks over attack of
the fucking clones you'd rather heavy
walks
well Lloyd beats I thought that that
rumor has been squashed that they put
all the spin-offs on hold
there was ray I know whatever I know you
don't care I there was someone floating
around a rumor that they had like closed
off productions but then like Star Wars
came out and said no we're still making
Jack Jack you know what's great
but Farscape is great hi you really are
big fans of the first game show that's
true that's true
that's like The Venture Brothers but
I've been watching some Venture Brothers
and you know I I don't think I've seen
any Venture Brothers
that's fantastic Cheryl it is it is
great it is absolutely great you would
like it I I'm sure I would it sounds
like right up my out something right up
my alley it's a lot like the tick yeah
the the people who created the Venture
Brothers wrote for the tick cartoon show
oh they're the only two people who write
further venture brothers except
occasionally Ben Edlund who created the
tick oh you I would fucking love
interlockings love The Venture Brothers
oh shit I gotta get out of it yes you do
well now that I know that I'm gonna get
on it pretty hard I'll be honest with
you
like it always looked like something
that would be up my alley but I never
you know took that step now I'm gonna
have to so there you go
how have you not seen it because there's
a million and one things to watch on
television right now you probably like
it more as the show goes along too
because it gets more and more superhero
II oh okay yeah you know that's my jam
yeah there's a lot in the Venture
Brothers it's just about the bureaucracy
of villainy that's that's so been Edlund
by the way yes the guild of calamitous
intent they're kind of like one of the
main the main organizations not a
serious and they're they're basically
the supervillain Union but you and
there's all these rules
selamat two suns in on who you're
allowed to arch for okay I mean I'm on
it
I'm in on it you you hooked me you told
me all the things I needed to do oh wait
I gotta find a Oh
objective to destroy Oh
my leg you got that drill yeah
what no spider-man what are you doing
Jack was born to cosplay the monarch
listen is the monarch bald with glasses
what do you think you need you need well
the eyebrows would have to be glued on
anyway no his eyebrows go up like here
oh okay alright and and you don't really
see his hair you don't see you sad thing
the crown yeah okay listen you yeah
you'd be a good mother
I'll watch The Venture Brothers I'll
give it a shot absolutely give it a shot
we're a fake goatee and you could
cosplay dr. venture
oh yeah he's bald there you go
check it out more fun as the monarch
once after I start watching this I'm
gonna get that this this whole that's
all I could be the monarch thing it's
great just that that couple of moments
when you're when you're just falling
that's a really important feeling I
think in a spider-man game to just the
the glide and float yeah
that's the feeling that's the feeling
you want the monarch is a major villain
who at this point in the series's has
basically stolen the spotlight from the
actual main characters alright if this
shows probably more about the monarch
than anyone else
at this point you know you're right what
you like that's great
pardon me for a moment
went away for a second I'm all turned
around that was awkward
what what okay
yeah there is a non-emergency but a kind
of a thing I need to go home and come
back you need to go home we'll come back
well how long we go how long would you
go a couple hours couple hours okay so
this is this is the midstream break
midstream break okay it's seven o'clock
so we still have like two more hours to
stream so it's gonna be gone for
approximately twenty minutes you I have
to go home I have to do a very short
thing and then I have to come back
alright so I just wanted alright you do
that I wanted to warn you I wanted to
warn you I will come back I won't have a
story to tell I'm not gonna tell you why
but uh you know okay use your
imaginations I'm gonna play a little bit
longer we'll take a break great we'll do
it we'll be back yeah I probably would
help unless you want to come back again
with the police only with your help can
the police hope to defeat kingpins man
shame I was all happy to talk about the
Venture Brothers with Jack now it's
ruined he's gone
no more Venture Brothers talk it'd be
great if Jack actually gets into the
venture brothers don't cuz then we can
have an actual conversation about it
they fly around on and check it for
logos
the question is should Jack start the
vegie brothers at the pilot which is
kind of rough we should we should start
a poll whether or not Jack will love or
hate The Venture Brothers
pilots one of your favorite episodes
chat person in chat is that alley it's
terrible
I remember the animation those really
really terrible compared to the later
seasons
now that that mission was quick
well my optional objectives here
stop kink and gang wars oh my god
easy how am i sell those streams great
this is why so I'm gonna wait a little
bit and take a break cuz my soul will
stream suck cuz I play the game and I
don't talk and you all know that but I'm
saying that right now because I don't
know what the fuck else to say don't say
anything until jackets back that would
be really easy for me like I get I could
handle that
come on come on come at me bro
sign in with that block that's way off
way off still fucking
my blog button broke
what did you throw them at the bad guy
sorry something up something out of my
god
all right so what's what's going on in
really rich doesn't see too many movies
in the theater net not really not really
I can usually wait and the problem with
that is a lot of times when I wait I
don't get around to seeing it anyway
this is why I haven't seen Ragnarok yet
you know what just just fuck you man
there you go there you go
learn HD remake of this game a standard
is bad it's a good game let's progress
the damn story someone I know I want I
really want to earn points so I can
upgrade more shit but I'd also like to
get further in the story it's like damn
damned if you do damned if you don't
I was much cashed I have to work with oh
that's nice yeah I want that
oh that sounds cool yeah we're gonna get
some more evil attacks evil aviel
well done this may lead us to the source
of kingpins weapons it's hope so I've
received information that the kingpins
men may be making an attempt to rob or
destroy the Daily Bugle are you familiar
with it do you read the newspaper I
suggest you go there at once it may be a
diversion so I will monitor Fisk
industries for unusual activity I'll
check it out
combat always kills it for you in these
games
look the combat in this one this
particular spider-man game I think is
great I think this one gets it right
lots of lots of aerial stuff and I
haven't been using it as much but the
black suit it's got a little bit more
blue troop force type attacks
I've got a feeling that the bugle is not
the target
what
it's the courthouse clever using the
bugle as a false lead
though with ultimate I don't think
that's as good as this the combat is
better in this than it is an ultimate
art wise it's neat the way ultimate
spider-man is designed to look like a
Mark Bagley comic overall this is the
better game though
keep them busy they're surrounding the
building we don't have enough firepower
Ultimate Comics not the game the
ultimate spider-man comic books were
good right up until Bendis ruined them
the ultimate spider-man comic books were
too ultra serious all the time that
there was never a breather between
traumatic events in Peter Parker's life
and it just became horrific to read
rather than fun and then rather than
letting Peter Parker run off into the
sunset he he kills him off for extra
depression points
what I guess I ran out of time No
okay I'm not paying enough attention I
guess super fucking report my take out
the blighters
oh wait I got to take up homes
all right so many beads pay more
attention a lot more attention that's
what he's doing
I see what I'm doing I see what I'm
doing now
bang out of that sorry I can't help it
sometimes
you finally got a stream and and it's me
being quiet I apologize
yeah we're not doing too bad
jack-jack didn't fall in he had to run
away for a bit he'll be back almost
forgot about these guys
it's my commercial
I can't kind of slept in it
spider-man this administering a much
yeah a little bit be fair this is a
shitty PC port of a game you could
probably get this and I know this game
runs decently on a Playstation 3 I have
that version that's where I first played
it alright
Evil's been defeated
that wasn't long at all I've said about
four words 20 minutes on the dot
well you said you hadn't spider-man
shattered but did you want to switch
games that's up to you if you just want
to keep playing we can keep playing what
is chatting about boo shit what is what
is the chat want it'll take a little bit
to download but I can't imagine it'll be
very long with the download oh look we
should start it now then if it's not
downloaded I was thinking you brought
like the console version or something no
I uh yeah here why don't you why don't
you get that started
steam copy what are you why don't you go
get that started okay no problem
I don't want to use the restroom myself
oh okay hey yeah it's gonna jack solo
stream for a little bit I was a good
everybody hello welcome back oh it's my
it's my is my green bottle messing up
the the the world's our reality probably
how is the pilot of the Venture Brothers
yes I watched it I watched one episode
of The Venture Brothers on my drive home
and back almost crashed like three times
okay yeah yes biscuits okay everything's
fine oh oh
there we go I just wanted to to see the
stream okay
yeah actually yes eggs that's what it
was that's that's the that was the
emergency uh I got a I got a text from
my wife saying we were out of eggs and I
needed him needed to get him needed to
get him right away
no I'm gonna give the show I'm gonna go
Venture Brothers more than three
episodes it sounds like it would be a
show that I enjoy quite a bit just
knowing the the writers so no I'm gonna
give it I'm gonna give it more than a
couple logging in spider-man shattered
Dimensions oh oh we got a bunch of
downloads here that we just don't need
nope nope nope nope nope nope right
nope library oh also we don't need you
know no library and beat him in next
finish beat him in speed even better
dimensions yes rich is wearing L arena
Oh actually I can see what my bottle
looks like now it's a it's a green water
bottle
that's so no it's very interesting very
interesting
I want to see rich get into Resident
Evil 4 I don't know if he would
necessarily get into it I mean it I
think it's a fantastic game
remember it is a third-person shooter
that you uh oh is it on steam is
Resident Evil 4 on steam i was gonna say
rich would hated because it's a
third-person shooter where he has to use
a controller to aim hold on um you are
what as any before biohazard 4 that's
not right
Oh oh my God look at this Resident Evil
4 5 6 bundle right now is almost 80% off
shit that's quite a price you can get
Resident Evil 4 right now for $5 okay
for five goddamn dollars right now so I
take it they're called biohazard in some
parts of the world the Resident Evil
games apparently yeah I was wondering
why it was called Resident Evil 4
biohazard 4 it's called biohazard in
Japan oh well there you go there you go
i I I think I still have a copy for my
GameCube because of course that's what I
played it on it for a while it was a
GameCube exclusive would you rather do
that or the shattered Dimensions yeah
we're spider Manning okay and spider-man
we have about ten minutes to download
spider-man so we got a we got a I you
just fuck around little bit shadows for
ten minutes exactly it's still up yeah
alright put that down put that back up
boom they go boom shakalaka shaka laka
when the walls fell David II know people
says hey rice and jerk you guys should
really play injustice to now is a
perfect time because you're Jurassic
world's to video the bugle but that's
neither rich and I I don't know what
you're talking about I was in it oh you
were a lot of people a lot of people on
Twitter will
well like ask me questions regarding
half in the bag
yeah and or like general red letter
media stuff and it's just I was like not
my department
right right I need I just need a canned
response just to be like junior Mike
contact that red letter media I think I
think your reply should always be well
it was getting the last episode anytime
you get asked well it was the last time
why didn't you do this when it was left
I mean it's the last episode so we
wanted to go out on a bang I like that
like that you figured it out
let us go at once do the chemistry
where's the spider made sure we fill
that o fill that a couple days ago I
might have warrants why war I grab my
spider shirt now because for playing
spider-man games of course of course I
might have been worrying this two days
ago oh no no no you did it you know what
I actually I don't know if the Canadians
have their own YouTube channel
I actually I don't think they have a
youtube channel because you know they're
professionals in the industry yeah so I
don't think they have time for a YouTube
channel as they make actual movies and
TV shows
so good luck spider-man
you do a Station one game what
PlayStation oh yeah thing I have no idea
how bad PlayStation 1 games look they
have no idea nostalgia is a funny funny
thing rich this game is apparently more
overlooked than I thought it was is it
I'm reading people have to say about it
sounds like it mmm
well I I could see a lot of I mean a lot
of the spider-man games have very
similar things to them so I can see a
lot of spider-man games kind of mushing
together yeah into one general spiders
one looks a lot different than them all
the movie games look generally the same
murder it's got the ugly basketball
costume on yeah yeah and then ultimate
spider-man is need because they did it
in the style of Mark Bagley yeah the
graphics you ever seen that one no no
the graphics are done in the style of
Mark Bagley its associated oh that'd be
nice
yeah that look cool alright
Oh spider-man I love to see that thing
pop when he gets all angry you shoot me
you know you know kingpin is a criminal
why not destroy ps/2 was great though
PlayStation 2 was great
but that was a PlayStation 2 was a was
yeah was great by sheer will of quantity
Rams work a significant jump over in the
PlayStation 1 yes that's also true yet
this convinced I remember I think the
firt the very first game I probably told
this story on stream before but the very
first game I played on the PlayStation 2
was SSX tricky yeah and I was at my
friend's college dorm and he had just
gotten a PlayStation 2 and we were
playing SSX tricky and it blew my mind
like how good it looks
I remember being just dumbfounded
in fact I'm gonna sing there there our
PlayStation 2 era games when they're not
trying to be photorealistic
yeah that still hold up sure things are
the cartoony or look to them sure sure
your Katamari daemon sees yeah yeah
I don't know if that's a joke mall Rako
mall Rock Hill says ps2 was a really
good DVD player though that's what
gotten into homes but like I was gonna
say I don't know if that was a joke but
that was a legit selling point I think
they're just referencing that oh that
could be because I remember you know ps2
original xbox era was when I was working
at the used videogame store and that was
a legitimate selling point to a lot of
parents that came in and we're like I'm
thinking about getting a system for my
kid what should I get
and you know I once I mentioned that the
the PlayStation 2 you know you could
play DVDs on it they're like sold sold
and I was like and and you know over
those three walls over there that's our
PlayStation 2 library and these two
shelves are our Gamecube library so you
know shoes shoes what you want I think
they just play the sports games or you
get up and get a Playstation spider-man
why aren't you he won't web towards that
building he'll only go towards that one
that's weird
that was weird that was weird
yeah DVD players at the time were rather
pricey I think there's a similar
argument to be made with a PlayStation 4
nowadays and just having a nice blu-ray
player is decent blu-ray nothing I don't
think people care about blu-rays much so
they don't that is getting a DVD player
was a big deal getting a DVD yeah it was
a huge jump up over a fucking VHS oh god
yes you can't say the same thing about a
blu-ray versus a DVD that's true that's
true but if you're in the market for a
blu-ray player and also thinking about
getting a game console I think there are
less marked people in the market for a
blu-ray player oh yeah no I'll give you
that I really think that yeah I'm with
you
if you're watching on a large enough TV
the step-up from DVD to blu-ray is
definitely significant not in the eyes
of the average consumer whoa what this
is kind of a badass version of the
vulture this wing sir that's art that's
like an anime version of the vulture
right there
that's crazy
and you know I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
disagree blu-rays look you know
definitely look better than DVDs but the
the point is a demonstrable jump in the
eyes of John Q public
when you guys gonna play injustice -
yeah one of these days I'll play it one
of these days why are people so hard up
on injustice - they like they like to
fighting games rich
I suck at them we do suck at them
they're just button mashers to us I
don't I don't get it but you know we we
have injustice to all so I think you
know because we've attempted to play
injustice to once and failed I think
it's they're they're looking for a
redeeming our kin they're looking for
that uptick like you tried once and
failed let's you know let's uh let's get
it together
yeah
the vultures great
overall rich what would you say about
this spider-man story I don't give a
shit it's fun game ok I don't know that
any of the games had a good story right
I was good I just yeah what is the story
of those two you like does it even
matter or just you go fight the bad guys
you find the bad guys well there's the
story here is almost a fake-out okay
like I said this basically turns into a
zombie game you're investigating the
kingpin mystery yeah and the kingpin
thefts and then people in the streets
just start freaking out as you're
investigating like the kingpin thing
every now then you'll get like mauled by
just normal pedestrians okay
and then more and more of them show up
but it turns out they're all possessed
by symbionts okay the kingpin plot kind
of just gets submerged by the zombie
thing starts that's a little that's a
little bit of bull hockey right there
that's neat it's why I think this
started out as a Marvel Zombies game I
legitimately think this started out as
Marvel Zombies game but we haven't
gotten to any of that yet right right
then they spent a little extra time and
put the spider-man game on top of it
who are the red guys kingpins henchmen
they're stealing technology form
that's needs what you're jumping out to
get them
yep you got it you got a you know yeah
get to the henchmen to get to him yep
whoever was the the creator of this
little sequence that's cool that's the
spider-man sequence you want
he's just dangerously constantly falling
according to hyper us darts web of
shadows which was originally supposed to
be a Marvel Zombies the video game
according to a blog post but was changed
because of story problems Mr Marvel
didn't want spider-man eating people
right well it'd be my guess this is
further back as in-game when defending
the stark tower at the moment the
symbiotes enter the safe area a message
will appear saying remove the zombies
from the gate the error still appears in
the Spanish version of the game huh I
had always suspected that so I'm not
shocked at all
either they couldn't get the rights oh
they just couldn't figure out I'm
assuming Marvel got cold feet oh sure
sure they didn't want spider-man eating
people as the dark path of the game
ah QuickTime events a QuickTime event
for eating an opponent mary jane with a
shotgun makes more sense now yeah yeah
yeah I'm sad it didn't get made that way
honestly yeah well it probably would
have gotten a lot more people talking
about it yeah was this at the height of
zombie mania well at the time
Marvel Zombies was a thing in the comics
there was a Marvel Zombies comic book
series yeah him where are we in uh let's
see here I mean let me see if I can
speed through one or two more story bits
cuz I think I think the zombies are
basically about ready to start showing
off sure I'm trying to see I'm trying to
look at like movie trends to see if
zombies were big oh yeah you know
2007-2008 we have one was fuckin Dawn of
the Dead was that was earlier 2004 well
how many years did that zombie trend
last right I am Legend came out in 2007
so that was right before
maybe and this came this came out right
after the the horrible spider-man
Sam Raimi spider-man 3 so maybe that's
what gave him cold feet is like yeah
we're losing our spider-man brand
we're losing consumer confidence in our
spider-man brand let's uh let's you know
keep it nice and safe being spider-man
I'm legend about a pile of shit compared
to the sorry you know what I
I think there's a lot of redeeming
qualities to Will Smith's I am Legend
yeah I do I haven't seen it over overall
it's not great and I'm not saying that
it's a great movie I'm saying it has a
couple sequences in it that are
legitimately great it ends on a cold wet
fart unusually high on abscess and
mysterious medical emergencies
mysterious medical emergency yeah yeah
that's not a Symbian there's an allusion
to a zombie right there yo how much of
the script do we need to change to get
rid of all zombies yeah but like up and
up until the end which like I said of
Will Smith's I'm legend which just
honestly completely wusses out of the
the original premise of the story uh-huh
for anyone who doesn't know I am Legend
you know it's it's it's basically like a
lone scientist is is left in what's
remains of New York and he's trying to
figure out like the cure to the zombie
ISM right and he spends all the movies
like hunting the zombies and trying to
cure them and at the very end the
zombies are closing in on him and he and
he finds the cure right but then we find
out spoiler alerts that the zombies are
now their own culture and the reason he
is legend is because
like he's a legend to them because he's
been killing yeah like they're sentient
and they fear him because he kills them
all right and the movie completely
washes out of that premise
oh but up until then that's like the
original book yeah yeah and the the
Vincent Price movie - this is the movie
on that way does it
okay thanks oh yeah you know what as
soon as I said it it didn't feel right
yeah but up until it completely washes
out of the premise it is a solid film a
solid solid film with a really great
like atmosphere and tone to it they have
this whole this whole running bit with
Will Smith talking to mannequins that
are left over in storefronts and the
friending mannequins and then this
amazing sequence where this mannequin
that's always in this one store is
suddenly in the middle of the street and
he and Will Smith starts flipping out
that this mannequin is in the middle of
the street and like yelling at the
mannequin is just Will Smith who I think
is a really good actor there's some
really quality filmmaking in there and
then it just shits the bed who just Pyla
pile of wet farts but I do hear I want
to say one of the one of the DVD
releases has the original ending so I
got I got a track that down let's see
the original ending where where you know
he cures the one but we find out that
he's really the bad guy
what the hell kind of conversation did I
just walk into me discussing Will
Smith's I am Legend which I think has
several redeeming qualities even though
ends on a bit of a sour note and you
know oh pose that I don't know just kind
of perfect
just gliding gliding up it's fine it's
fine
they gave you a quick way up and I'm
fine with that yeah you know what I do
thing here we go those are definitely
zombies yeah those are 100% zombies I
know I know
it would have been really awesome if
they just let this be a frickin Marvel
Zombies game Oh given that's clearly not
blood that's definitely symbiote no if
not blood at all
can't have that oh my god
I do think Will Smith is it legitimately
talented actor I don't know I don't know
why that's a controversial statement I
think he often time doesn't choose the
best roles and I think that depending on
the director you know he can have bad
performances but he's also had very good
performances
you know having some bad movies doesn't
make him a bad actor
I am also glad he passed up on Morpheus
in the matrix if he was even offered
Morpheus I don't know if that's true or
not but Laurence Fishburne does a really
great job as Morpheus
I think the white jackie's could have
gotten a good performance out of Wells
matter like what cannot nobody have the
symbiotes ever turned people into
mindless monsters has that ever happened
ah no I mean I'm just not that
well-versed in comics but so I mean I'm
gonna say no but who knows you know I'm
sure there's not like a planet carnage
that yeah look where that happened
oh that's right we were just talking
about this the other day
Will Smith wasn't supposed to be
Morpheus Will Smith was supposed to be
neo and Sean Connery was supposed to be
Morpheus which would have made it a very
different movie you just building
spider-man yeah we were just talking
about that what a what a what a
wonderful universe I would love to peek
into you know there's a lot of a lot of
times you just wish you could peek into
an alternate universe I'd love to just
peek into that universe and watch that
movie where Will Smith is neo and Sean
Connery is Morpheus was that original
cast or something yeah I did not know
that that would be fantastic exact same
except Will Smith is new and Sean
Connery is Morpheus I would love to
watch that
this is still pretty horrific are these
meant to be symbiotic clones or just
people possessed that explode after
being beaten up people possess that
expose their probably supposed to assume
they're dead already
maybe well if this were the original
zombie game then well yes but once they
get possessed by a symbiote are they
like can you save them every now and
then if you beat them harder if you beat
the symbiote off of them well or just
throw him off a building it's fine we're
just I'm off building either way
basically when the real story takes over
would have been a better film Michonne
economy the League of Extraordinary
Gentlemen well as rumor has it as
Hollywood rumor has it Sean Connery made
two big mistakes he sees Sean Connery
turned down the matrix and turned down
playing Gandalf in Lord of the Rings but
my moon Knights mad at you for throwing
people off the globe you threw people
fucking moon night so so Sean Connery
turned down both of those movies because
both of those movies had heavy
green-screen and CG elements and Sean
Connery didn't really understand those
elements and so turned down both of
those movies right and then after they
were both hugely successful Sean Connery
said okay the next time I'm offered a
movie that has CG in it I'll accept it
because obviously a movie having CG
means it's gonna be good and it was
offered the League of Extraordinary
Gentlemen
to be fair lord of the rings' had huge
potential to fail miserably absolutely
but he only turned it down because he
didn't understand the cg part of it and
to be fair I think the movie would have
failed had Sean Connery been Gandalf
because he would have Sean Connery did
hello my little friend my little Hobbit
yes we've got to go to Mount Doom my
neighbor in there I'll spy you whipped
we've got to take the rings to Mordor
fly you for shuddering Sean are a canary
that's what they call me in any case
that's that's Hollywood rumor that I've
always loved oh these guys showed up
when you were on oh oh you can't you
can't get in and drive around it
Lord of the Rings is perfect don't ruin
it for me Lord of the Rings was perfect
and that's why I'm very happy that Sean
Connery turned down the Lord of the
Rings for whatever reason
Ian McKellan is still alive just very
very old we've talked about that earlier
time marches on typically typically I'll
literally all you can hope for is to get
very very old that's literally the best
you can hope for yes at the moment
that's the best you can hope for
I want the version of this game where
after you saved the civilian you can eat
them for power ya know just for eating
them for zombie point so sad for example
well I was thinking like if you eat them
okay okay
these symbiote people right I thought
that I I was assuming that maybe you
were you were reading a little too much
to this whole they were definitely
zombie things but they were definitely
zombies like the way they're crawling
around yeah it's ridiculous that's not
even how the symbiotes act
that's like it's you just just murdering
people just ripping them to shreds
they're already dead jack they're
already dead
the symbiote killed the symbian yeah yes
and and to feed the symbiote they need
to you know feast on other humans to
feed the city oh but they're not zombies
so you want you want the world where I
am legend had the alternate ending I
want the world where this actually was a
zombie game Oshawott sure go on with
eating people and everything well you
know I like I think you could see that
you can there's enough of the the
original zombie game here where you see
that clearly but I think the world in
which Sean Connery and Will Smith were
in the matrix is so bizarre you know
that it's hard for me to even picture
what that would look like
all right let's see what we got here we
got culture fist who says I love you
guys and sometimes I say things I don't
mean Jake how do you feel about premiere
pro rich what do you like for breakfast
I have lunch not breakfast well what
what do you like for the first meal of
the day whatever makin and eggs and
anyone go to Subway all right what do
want to go where you want to go Karen a
lot of people like routine my breakfast
is basically normal lunch for people Wow
unusual
I am very unusual that's true that's
true buying you and I
I enjoy premier Pro to be fair though I
haven't edited on anything else in the
past eight years and so there's very
little I can compare to though I
obviously I still use it for a reason
because it
camera camera awkwardness camera oh wow
because it works very well for me I
enjoy the workflow of premier I enjoy
how easily it works with my other
editing programs Photoshop its
compatibility with After Effects it all
just works and and so yes I enjoy
premier quite a bit I like its
integration with with the Adobe apps I
use a program when I'm capturing
gameplay footage called Adobe live
logger which is a way to take notes and
to create markers that you can then sync
up with your footage later and so then
when I have all my gameplay footage
imported I click a little button it
automatically yes this should be fun
what is this let's see how big a little
shorter than spider-man that's fine just
a little bit
yeah that's fair Oh cuz you have this
Indian suit yeah I get it
that's nice so uh so anyway it's a
really easy way to make markers for my
gameplay footage so then when I'm
looking through my gameplay footage I
can say oh I did something need to hear
I did something right there so I like
the whole Premiere Pro eco system the
whole Adobe eco system but speaking of
DRM yeah that's that's you know Adobe
now has you have to pay monthly and
Adobe checks in every once in a while
even if you turn off all internet my ass
it has like adobe has like a built in
like I want to say it has like a an
eight-month timer on it so you could you
can turn you know turn off all your
payments to Adobe and then turn off your
internet on your computer and still get
eight months of editing out of it but
then eventually it will try to phone
home and you know they sell it as if you
pay X amount of dollars a month what are
your parents names he wants to prove you
really you oh sure that's cute oh no I
know the answer what are his parents
names no I know Ben and may that's not
his parents though I'm gonna say shut up
and fight I'm gonna say shut up in
fights
my dad shut up and my mom fight okay I'm
gonna say I'm not looking at chat I'm
gonna get that my reason I'm gonna say
what I owe ya god I think it's Richard
and Mary because I think Herman is too
silly okay it's Richard and Mary okay
good all right
on wiki entry my nose doesn't lie
but yeah so adobe sells their DRM as
sure you have to pay a monthly fee and
you have to you know get a digital
handshake but you get you know every
update we come up with you get whenever
we come up with it so anytime we have a
better version we'll give you that
better version right away and all the
new features and you know you never have
to buy it again because what what was
the question whose killers did we track
in Berlin and I know this too oh I don't
know that one the at the time original
Hobgoblin Ned Leeds before that was read
canto oh okay
so they've all would comment continuity
interestingly enough that is very
interesting and is that does that
information appear anywhere else in the
game no that's just if you're a comic
buff
that's really interesting
oh yes now Wolverine is is murdering
civilians you would yeah is Adobe stuff
actually well optimized now I think so
it works for me it has its quirks but so
does literally every piece of software
ever and you know it really has decent
customer support where your your pet you
know obviously you're paying for
professional editing software and you're
paying every month and so every time
I've ever had a problem customer support
has always been there to help but walk
me through it
and it's completely not it's not totally
janky which I can't say the same for
Final Cut 7 which was the last editing
software I used what's what's the next
question gonna be oh you've told me this
battleworld yep
what kind of need are you or what kind
of nerd am i I'm a bit of a I'd say my
most nerd is is is techie I enjoy I
enjoy the technology I enjoy the the
editing technology mostly because that's
what I do for work and I get very into
my work Wow daredevil pretty sure
because I think Luke age and Captain
America were both on it nope nope that
wasn't who was it
who turned down being in the New
Avengers the question was who turned
down being in the New Avengers Luke Cage
Captain America daredevil or none of the
above
was it captain was that was it a
bait-and-switch
I think you organized it no Avenue of it
yeah the New Avengers is the one
spider-man was hot oh okay we put in
daredevil and Wolverine said we weren't
ourselves so it wasn't daredevil none of
the above maybe that could be it yeah it
was supposed to be they were all in it
what are you talking about
nope gotta go to his wall to ask his
question critical mass what is critical
mass mutant this I don't know does I
have no fucking clue I'm assuming it's a
mutant kingpins the obvious joke
cuz he's fat yeah well or it's probably
a critical mass videogame or is is that
the joke is you fought the kingpin and
that was the joke you made before I'm
going with a you're going with amusing
yeah alright oh yeah nice maybe you are
Spider Man
Oh back to the factors question wall who
served us roasted by who served us roast
and pie probably probably I may
wait so is that correct or not
black points of no oh maybe it was Jean
Grey goodbye Mary Jane the Mary Jane
wasn't an option I don't think she was
when I'm mom it was Aunt May I think we
got that one wrong maybe you're getting
I probably getting black points for for
putting on him before we take out all of
the zombies okay I can't I can't call
them simpie it's it's just that's just
grossly inaccurate right Tony Stark was
on the right yeah but I guess you can
control this parasite use it just helped
me recognize them I can't tell if
someone's infected or not all right I'll
try but you're playing with fire kid
that thing gets control of you it's over
i wolverine is their Marvel Zombies mod
for this game probably not and why is
Wolverine quizzing us this is so dumb no
it makes sense I mean obviously like
it's a little dumb in context of the
fight because he keeps going to his one
wall and asking weird questions but he
you know story wise it makes sense
because he doesn't believe you're still
yourself he wants to make sure that you
really are Peter Parker and so he's
asking you personal questions that only
Peter Parker would know like who was
critical mass that one's kind of dumb
that one's gonna do alright there are
several in that group right there where
look clearly zombies
Logan and Spidey are sort of friends in
the Marvel Universe oh yeah frenemies
you know I don't think he liked that he
kept coming on to Mary Jane yeah I think
they're you know what they are they're
they're um good Cal wait the marriage
got erased they're good cop bad cop
they're reluctant partners and there are
great pairing Wolverines whole purpose
is you know to be the reckless badass
and I truly believe that Wolverine
doesn't really work unless he has a
straight-laced counterpart and so that's
why he works so well with with
spider-man spider-man can be the
straight-laced counterpart Wolverine can
be a reckless badass
I said you want off-switch shattered
Dimensions now yeah whatever you want to
do man I'm happy we got to some of the
zombie stuff whatever you you know we my
point basically a hundred percent proof
absolutely I don't know like I probably
have to start shattered Dimensions over
because I don't know if they have like
cloud saves but I can probably get
through the tutorials pretty fast no I
can't say I'm trying a mission want fuck
it I'll give shit um shut that down do
that show that zone I'm gonna sneeze you
can do that what pardon me
Spidey in Deadpool oh yeah well you know
just it's that's the the classic
straight-laced goofball dudududu where
am I going I'm going to steam that's
right Barry shattered Dimensions okay
okay oh wait let's let me update the let
me update the thing oh can you update
that thing what thing the overlay I'm
gonna update twitch stream info let's
see here this is shattered nope that's
not how you spell that
spider - man Oh what it doesn't like
this I wasn't doing that again it's
doing that again
Wow Oh for fuck's sake Oh
I do do do do how do we make the small
great question hold on one thing at a
time yeah yeah don't worry about here
you know what what retitled spider-man
fuck it perfect
