E3 2018ing (Part 3)
June 13, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1hbGvzDqPs

and they're saying to watch something
called control I'll the devolver do
another weird thing this year oh yeah oh
yeah they did play air whilst I control
first okay then you just want to watch
the developer conference because I'm
okay with that I haven't seen it
actually you orbit I'm correct that is
one piece well shit well shit I knew a
thing one piece and no drove that gun
doing something weird or said like a
severe dangle or it's guilting it looks
like it's like pulsating
the gun definitely is pulsating
everything's kind of pulsating
it's suitably weird looks like you got
some yeah cool mine D powers that's neat
everyone likes mine D powers that could
be fun
how much is combat and how much is
atmosphere that's always you know that
don't you know I mean III I mean it's
not right
III is not very useful for judging how
good a game is going to be that's true
either way oh yeah they look fine
that look neat neat and interesting
it's a weird take and I get smart gaming
was control the name of the organization
from Get Smart
yeah they were controlling chaos there
we go see I know who that is but I don't
know what the fuck one piece is but I'll
tell you what Get Smart is let me tell
you all I know about Goku he's got hair
he was a monkey at one point then he got
hair he trains really hard and his hair
changes color that's what I got first he
fought Bulma and then a purple guy
showed up it was crazy
just turn it up a little bit for you
guys can turn it up in the YouTube it
all can't hear nothing about that
this year we have overly flashy graphics
to distract you from mundane dialogue
guest appearances from personalities
that you can recognize on the Internet
and whose parents will serve to light up
a predictable a nostalgia response and
it is 2018 and that is how marketing is
done now but we also have this little
guy making like he's playing a new game
on the screen despite it clearly being a
priest yes they returned the cutaway of
the audience who's clearly not there yes
you you stinking bug fuck shit minions
seem to think that we didn't provide
enough new games reveals first looks or
whatever else you think might have made
your dumb little life a little less
pointless and that one moment on the
internet that one time and that that hit
us right in the fields
so this year we are bringing you she's
perfect she's great she's perfect she's
so great that is the most true the
truest thing ever spoke enemy through
viewers will enjoy the contestants most
intimate moments new weapons and dear
elevate the action but it's the
trademark paranoia that drives the
savagery to new heights
making scum a thrill for the entire
family
yeah not tech one security is on site to
keep contestants in line oh my and of
course fan favorite mr. smiles is back
again full rule enforcement scum welcome
to the next era and Super Max survival
all contestant corpses will be reused in
scum for government regulations
yeah yeah might be a battle royale thing
a battle royale will players who die can
come back as zombies and hunt other
players that would be fun then you have
something to do after you got killed
they still can't fucking hear they say
it's fine no everyone said it was fine
everybody this deeply insulting
monetization model it seems we have seen
crypto currencies roll in and jack punch
the global socio-economic landscape
right in the sweetness creating an
entirely new culture of massively
unqualified financial experts with
absolutely no idea what the shit they
are talking about if there is one thing
that devolver digital that we love it is
talking confidently about important
issues we are completely ignorant about
and then really should know better
ladies and gentlemen I am thrilled to
introduce you to our newest products
loot
box
cryptocurrency that is so fucking secure
not even the owners know it's actual
value governmental international
personal or institutional liability loot
box coin aims to become the global
standard in meaningless wealth
acquisition and questionable financial
stability loot box coin cannot be mined
cannot be opened cannot be blocked
chains cannot be wallet head or crypto
verified it can only be bucked through
devolver digital with real actual money
you have our hastily trained economists
will create and send you an actual
physical loot box coin just like the one
I'm holding right here in my
motherfucking hand what is it worth I
don't know what can you buy with it
probably nothing
I hope that is a physical item that you
can buy whose price actually changes
every yes it's an acronym acronyms
pronunciation is determined by the
creator of the set acronym like a proper
name in this case the creator of the
graphics interchange format Steve
Wilhite says it's Jess choosy developers
choose gifs I've never been particularly
fond of violence but these are bad
people but people that need to be
stopped please turn up this is get crazy
I we get here so here's the problem of
Rowen we've gotten like 20 people saying
that the audio is fine and then like 1
or 2 saying it's not bother but that
one's own what what the heck I got so
many people saying I'm fine how do we
sound see what it sounds like
sounds fucking loud in my headphones all
right I just cranked the audio I just
cranked the audio I just cranked it all
right I cranked that audio it should be
more now let's be freaked yeah they put
effort into this you should probably go
watch it on digital developers YouTube
page
yeah don't watch it through us we're
just enjoying it for the first time you
turn no I didn't turn us up I turned the
other thing up
the cranking had no effect on the volume
well then then I then it's all fun then
it's just all fun and I'm gonna mess
with it and it's gonna mess up the
stream again right if I go into the
things and mess with it too much
right
you're gonna leave it because if I've
messed with it too much it's gonna fuck
the stream again maybe somebody is just
fucking with it it could be if you put
it on the head for the headphones on it
sounds fine to dust and of course
they're back catalogues to construct
versions of their legacy Hardware
overflowing with classic games of
yesteryear asking you to pay a
ridiculous premium for games that you
owned 20 years ago and will be utterly
disappointed by playing again today
somehow you all are buying these things
up thank you I also agree and the nice
Taco Bell but the sketchy one that sells
fried chicken and pizza and always
smells faintly of a mop bucket filled
with purple drink and puke you love
these little nostalgic cash crabs and we
have no fucking idea why but pass up on
this unique opportunity to separate you
I love her she's great
like you meet the devolver digital
entertainment system classic
this adorable box of plastic in
nostalgia comes pre-loaded with 25 of
your favorite classic devolver games
Geoffrey Yes Mother
drop that super legit live demo game
controller and come on up here show
these people the magic that is the
devolver digital entertainment system
classic I think you said yes an SF PG a
processor by Swedish manufacturer look
at a B this is not a sega dreamcast
putting out there this is a metal wolf
chaos disk that was only released on the
Xbox it's not even a devolver game it's
Japanese and not real also so Margaret
I like stock footage I am taking you on
a journey to 2004 our good friends at
from software released a game that
unbeknownst to them would lay the very
foundation for the modern American
political landscape this this game
this motherfucking legendary piece of
cold-rolled amazing was forged in the
most sacred elements of video game
development mechs explosions and overly
dramatic voice acting ladies gentlemen
holy fuck theme
may I present to you from software's
2004 master classes democratic met
warfare
what is this welcome to the White House
metal wolf chaos all right I get me down
with this
make America great again
that's the website yeah you did it you
did it
this year though to make America great
again dot-com
what
blaster
don't kill her
I'm not necessarily worried about the
cop oh yeah of the devolver digital take
a look yes I did you in Chapter shop
yeah
it is my great pleasure to introduce to
you
that's great I want to see next year
I was just fine right there I wonder I
don't want to miss this dream too much
you know what I was doing rich yeah with
all the talk about the volume yeah I was
turning up the volume here on our system
volume yeah but now this is coming
through the capture card I probably
needed to turn up a different volume I
probably actually wasn't turning it up
at all okay we have a new streaming
setup and so we're still learning people
we are still learning I blame you
you absolutely should they action oh and
shark spear says they are actually
selling loot box going for prices that
actually change every hour what if I won
let's get one okay what are you charging
let's see what are they right now wait
it's evolved or digital loot should I go
to their website I go they'll you know
I'll buy it over here loot box coin dot
corn where we go Luke box clean back
corn are we going to if you go to loot
box coin calm it takes you here last it
was for $100 but it's a lot of stock
what there's $100 out of stock yep the
officially unofficial loot box going
from devolver digital yep but it is
currently out of stock do you want to
sign up for it's available email
notification sure okay hundred bucks
I want to get to the actual ooh what
does he loot box coin dot-com all right
I signed I signed us up for when it
becomes available to email us okay so
now there's a there's a click down menu
next to Add to Cart please note that
this coin is 2.5 inches in diameter it
has no actual value and by no means to
be considered cryptocurrency or a
currency of any kind you can't buy
anything with it
in fact it's insane for you to really
buy it unless you want to prove your
loyalty to fork Parker
Nina Struthers and the devolver digital
Executive Board so like click on the on
that one say the last price the white
drop down menu my director min yeah
hundred dollars out of stock but some
people did it they saw it go as low as
$75 some people saw it up at 250 that's
crazy
that is what am insane experiment yes
how many do you think they made not many
like a hundred maybe maybe 100 maybe
like I would put about there maybe
someone will buy right souls out sold
out that's great was about how cheaply
they could make them I mean the problem
is 3d printed like right when you Brian
get them pretty cheap right based on
that video charge a hundred two hundred
oh and you know for them they're just
like if no one buys it it's a funny joke
but if someone buys it we make a lot oh
all right let's see here Pro Austin sees
eight thirty dollars in a video card one
hundred dollars in a plastic chip I
don't know that I would have bought for
a hundred I wouldn't a bid for that you
know what it is people priorities rich
and I have our priorities straight
you're welcome
I was assuming they would fluctuate
between reasonable prices for a plastic
coin nope but what they have done is
somehow funnier the people are asking us
to watch the Skull and Bones trailer
skull and bones trailer and we have a
tip here from pro Austin see who says
there are 170 ish episodes of half in
the bag
66 ish best of the worst and 20-ish
linkit reviews how many of each do you
think you guys have fully watched and
rich there are about 40 prereqs have you
watched them all fully I think I have
I'm pretty sure I've watched all the
prereqs I know probably missed half in
the bags here and there I've seen all
the best things I probably know most all
all of the stuff yeah I mean obviously
because I had it on my watch all the
proof yes
yeah I've seen I'm gonna say I've seen
90% of the best of the worst there's
probably a few I've missed here and
there just because if I weren't on best
of the worst I would be a fan yeah yeah
no I'm you know some of the like you
know the episodes that I don't watch our
ones that I haven't been on and then
like I say oh I'll watch that later and
then you know yeah you know how the
internet works I've maybe only seen 10%
of the half of the bags I probably see
more than that
considerably more but yeah I don't watch
half in the bag too often oh it's fine
but you know what I do what I do watch
them but like it's it's tough for me
because one I usually talk to Mike and
Jay about movies right and so like I
don't wanna then you know how they feel
example the movie you care about right
and so like for me a half in the bag is
a very specific niche where it's like it
has to be a movie I've seen and I
haven't talked to Michael jr. behind it
uh-oh I'll see what they feel about it
like so that's why I watched so little
of them it's all fine yeah
Jesus Christ
this is Skull and Bones skull and bones
turn it down on a TV you can turn it up
in the view to bidet
David II know people yes we watch the
cyberpunk trailer like didn't want to
see some gameplay which is the case with
a lot of e3 stuff we liked it
want to see some gameplay oh yeah
cyberpunk absolutely they they have a
lot of fan good wood because of because
of Witcher 3 so
there was only one
life and blood war came out I wasn't
that familiar with them softly I was
that player I wasn't that familiar with
the souls games yeah I knew they made
them but I wasn't that familiar with
them and I saw the the first e3 bit for
blood-borne like what am I supposed to
get out of this oh yeah I didn't know
what the fuck to make out of it wasn't
it like just like a close-up of his
weapon like it was nothing yeah I think
was like a lot of that intro video
that's already in the game doc you know
this werewolf thing I did I couldn't
figure anything about the actual game
based on that and I think we watched
that lives we watch that line but it
would just talk about it on a prereq and
it was like my reaction was like I don't
know what to make out of it yeah yeah
that could be and then you know the game
comes out I actually play it a lot my
favorite things and then a number of
years yeah so I find III pretty useless
unless it's like a sequel to something
you're familiar with like if they
announced an ex-con three without any
kind of gameplay I could get hype but I
kind of know what to expect out of
ex-con right same would do yeah oh yeah
like I know what to expect out of the
new doom
this I don't know what to expect out of
this is a pirate stuff you guys you guys
the Pirates the Pirates that they do go
pretty in-depth with the gameplay
dentists yeah and for the piracy is dead
you have to get past all of him talking
from your shipyard be choose the black
porn for the economy back
the strong winds will boost its speed P
Pizza Tran here says maybe people
wouldn't ask you to turn up the game
audio if you didn't talk for half the
games I know that sounds snarky but I
think it's 80% of why people ask you to
turn the game levels up it's tough
because we don't have a dynamic volume
for the game and so like we want to we
want to talk and sometimes we want to
listen you know and so we have no way to
dynamically or or you know on-the-fly
change the volume which would be nice
possibly get some kind of button that
turns it down or up but then we'd never
remember to lose it and that would be it
that would be its own problem right and
so it's better just to default to that
down we're sorry simply say you guys all
of these trailers are online we're
showing you how we look them up on
YouTube so if for the convoy slips away
how's this the multiplayer one everybody
works together on the pirate ship yes is
it attitude in the pirate arsenal
disguised as a Portuguese merchants you
tried to creep past the Ford Justice
already out no this is the right there's
a different everybody pretends to be on
a pirate ship game yes this is the new
everyone pretends to be a pirate game
did the other one just come out yes but
a kind of wand provides the perfect
cover for a surprise attack let's see of
bees I think yeah yeah let's see if
thieves and that's like the massively
multiplayer online and you Joe victim a
pirate game I think this is a smaller
online pirate game
I bet they started shitting their pants
when see if thieves didn't go over that
well if it didn't go over that well I
believe it didn't go over well I also
think there was a decided lack of
content on the phone yeah and so that's
why I didn't go over well there was just
nothing to do anything a bridge
commander
I heard that had a shocking new lack of
content I might be thinking of a lot of
things no word on the street is that see
if thieves had not a lot to do don't
just just on a lark we could do that or
this when this comes out on screen co-op
sure we see if thieves
yeah scream I think we talked about I
wants it twice
yeah people are people are confirming my
suspicions that there wasn't any content
so people get bored
even worse you could lose your loot
you need help you need it fast
by the captain's advantage Erick or
before against warriors this is V online
to play in ensuring yeah people other
ships can come and help you out in your
battle so it's not as
the enemy strikes first rabid co wolf
says sea of thieves is very fun for the
exact length of one stream oh hey
well there you go oh we can do that or
waiting for this I don't give a shit
we can do it well we'll have to think of
a whole new way to stream to computers
but I'm sure we can do it how do we do
it last time okay well we had one
playing in computer in one plane so what
we did what you know what we'd have to
do run one through the internal CAPTCHAs
card and run the other alga external
capture card yeah yeah that's doable
maybe it'll take some sink yeah every
now and then we do co-op something yeah
we should figure out how to get done
with the setup it should I mean
theoretically it's theoretically rich
it'll work but then again theoretically
this should work and I already fucked up
this thing so you learning Jack you're
learning you learning new things all the
time we're doing it technology changes
so fast it's crazy like I remember
before our GPU usage was that like 98%
and now we're down to like 67 so as long
as I don't touch anything in here it's
fine it's fine just really like so by
the way check I'm sorry I'm aboard with
the Pirates
gently he's one tell me chat
have you noticed have you noticed any
choppy us or any choppy videos playing
the scream this is an important thing
you guys have an Xbox one you can also
use that know the Xbox one is useless if
you have a decent gaming PC so I do not
have one yeah
no choppy no no no choppy seems good
great think the Xbox one is largely
useless even if you don't have a decent
gaming PC it's lacking a lot it's
lacking any exclusives right well the
usual suspects halo this is now this is
if you don't have a gaming PC which I
don't know if they're still doing that
everything available on the one is
available on PC right through the awful
Windows Store I don't know if they're
still doing that mm-hmm but if we if we
discount the gaming PC sure your Xbox
one had up underwhelming gears for yep
with that same Gears gameplay with the
blandest cast of characters imaginable
the least interesting cast ever guy hit
ever remember that that's kind of kind
of stereotypical but but dhanji atom
dodgy Oh made him fun Marcus Fenix I'm
over the top he's just a generic Nathan
Drake ripoff now yeah that's protagonist
don't forget it you don't forget girl
and friend they're not girlfriend just
girl and friend
separate was a friend oh I remember
gears 4 has the worst cast of characters
the absolute worst and then there's your
halos your halos of course of course
they're asking us to watch oh I saw
rapture rejects a rapture rapture
rejects
that a cyanide and Happiness game yep
looks like it dear God
everyday I strive to be closer to your
life
little help thanks Brock
is this a battle royale it's cute
the trailers fun oh yeah it's really fun
but it's a battle royale twin stick
shooter battle royale yeah it's fine
yeah yeah I'll give it that
I'll give it fine what else forgot
that's presence is pretty much
everything right I know I know this has
been a terrible stream because he's been
honest reactions which are largely on
the fence or unsure as well but I know
that's a you know honest reaction suck
our our honest reactions don't get those
clicks rich we got it we gotta up our
YouTube personality in order to get them
weight everything or love/hate half of
the things and love the other half bared
tone says you should search for parkour
Jurassic world this is not a video game
preview but it's a bit of branded
material like Jack was talking about the
other day no we're not just gonna
devolve into just watching you - yeah no
that would that would be weird but I
will look that up - you blow up dinosaur
costumes are involved and it's sure to
be fun - some gay kisses to be had great
thanks Bart Tom do you have any interest
in the gears 5 I don't that's a trailer
or just reel or whatever the fuck it is
god no all right care oh did you see any
of the shadow the Tomb Raider stuff no I
didn't see anybody here we go watch dad
I don't know what it is it's gonna look
like a Tomb Raider game Yelp isn't that
movie coming out soon I don't know right
about then they already reboot to reader
what do you mean is there another reboot
of tomato movie is the Angelina Jolie
one yeah this is a new one based off of
the pop and that was already a new one
is there now a new new one no I'm
talking about the one based off of the
new game also a sequel faced off with a
rebooted Tomb Raider movie no it's a
rebooted 2 meter movie based off of the
rebooted Tomb Raider game so it's the
third reboot of Tomb Raider wasn't there
already a rebooted Tomb Raider movie no
there was there was just the anjali
woman and the new well there was two
Angelina wants the Angelina ones I
thought there was a reboot already well
they're not one repo yeah but that's
based off okay that's based on okay yeah
okay
my head hurts it should it's all
terrible
that was nice fake gameplay did you have
to press any buttons you think no that's
a shitty way to die alone in a cave
underwater yeah you can see the surface
but you can't reach it sucks to be you
oh my god really its gameplay that's
game player hit there that'd be an
embarrassing one of their work a failed
state
hey struggle water forever yeah do you
think that gameplay was a commentary on
on her on her old character model and
her old enormous breasts sighs that old
character model wouldn't been able to
survive that is there anything wrong
with Lara Croft having huge knockers
absolutely not
I mean I mean absolutely not are they
trying to say that women with huge
knockers can't can't be action heroes
HEC action heroines that's exactly what
they're saying they're being
disrespectful they are they are let's
face it that's whatever that's whatever
character trait she's got a huge
knockers i i've huge pointy knockers i
think more so they they just looked at
like kind of the average knocker sighs
maybe we should tone it down a little
bit let's play the average game here we
won't we won't slip that knocker slider
all the way to 10 oh there there are
porn stars that dwarfed old school Laura
Croft oh of course
hers weren't the biggest listen but once
he averaged something with 0 it gets
have the medium
oh and you know what actually flip my
pizza train brings up some good point if
you are a professional adventurer with
huge knockers you're gonna have some
serious lower back issues sure like that
you don't see a lot of athletes with
huge no look girls with huge knockers
need role models - yeah I mean you're
absolutely right I'm just saying you
don't necessarily see them an athlete in
athletics the huge knockers they don't
have enough positive role models well
it's how do you think you don't see
enough woman with huge knockers in
athletics jack i I think I think as far
as being a progressive is concerned this
year you know we're concentrating on gay
kisses yeah 2019 you know we're all
about empowering ladies with huge
knockers
step1 gay kisses step2 huge knockers can
you be with me in a no okay kisses is
nothing new last of us already had the
gay dlc it did it had an entire gay dlc
so where's the last of us he would not
reveal future Jack for progressive
politics is huge knockers laura croft
huge knocker dlc is coming this fall you
heard it here first it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great yeah and by the way
like to all you super liberal
progressives you're welcome
rich and I are here to empower everyone
ah let's see here Michael Cain says good
morning gents you've spoken about your
demographics before in passing usually
about how young your audience is what
are you wrong about that
what are your demos like does it really
skew young or is that just a joke I
think that's just what's a joke and
we're just a presumption that I don't
really know how true that is
um honestly you know there are our demo
probably skews older and there's not a
ton of information YouTube analytics can
give but hey look I'm opening up the
YouTube analytics app right now every
now and then I'll hear somebody say I
grew up watching you guys and you hear
that it's like hey whoa whoa boy okay so
so the way YouTube's analytics works is
at least on the phone here I can
tabulate for the last oh here we go
a lifetime okay so here's a lifetime
YouTube analytics rich yeah a gender
male by how big a percentage how much of
our audience according to YouTube ad
analytics is male based on my own
personal recognized and public
experience right nineteen ninety-six
percent male and of course you know if
you're using multiple accounts if you if
you don't put that information in your
Google account these are just the
analytics that Google gives us
ninety-six percent male is recognized by
one sweet woman who worked in a
bookstore and a whole bunch of dorky men
yep yep
I've been recognized by a few ladies but
yes it is mostly men okay age I used to
think it was younger I'm I'm thinking
it's closer to your age mid mid 30s
excellent yes excellent yes our largest
demographic in age who people who have a
55% share of our demographic yeah are
between the ages of 25 and 34 how do you
get these stats YouTube analytics
you just YouTube analytics okay like so
on our YouTube page you know we get all
sorts yeah yeah Rando stats so
next-biggest actually i'm dorky too we
don't get up second some call all my
fans dork you're all dorks together you
know we're here watch it well we're I
can't claim to be cool I'm rich Evans
all of us are dorks our next biggest
demographic at twenty percent is 35
you're watching a 40 year old man watch
III videos and go meh yeah we know who
you are and more importantly we know who
we are
absolutely the hopes that that
occasionally I'll make a knockers joke
that was a good little bit favorite our
gay kiss knockers bit that was great
okay so the next two biggest
demographics are at both at 20 percent
to 35 to 44 and 18 to 24 yeah so you
know around that a kind of around the
big the big drop
next at 4% 45 to 54 so yeah you know top
countries the United States of course
with United Kingdom trailing not too far
behind but like yeah it gets it gets
really it gets really in-depth like you
know what's the percentage of US fans to
UK fans it seems like a lot of our fans
from the UK I have no idea what the
numbers out so we're at we're at only
56% United States I'm not shocked by
that more so that means you know about
half is from what we got here United
Kingdom Canada Germany Australia Sweden
Finland yeah
and out of them the the neat thing with
YouTube analytics and this is something
that you know I can get III delve into
every once in a while and if if rich and
I were really just keep targeting oh
sure where is division - I'm just gonna
have it on great for like just
posterity's sake if if rich and I were
were playing the game right which were
not by the way if we were if we were
chasing the algorithm as they call it
you know like oh you know we make a new
video every week and we're always
talking about the hot subject and we're
we're doing the game if we were reacting
the way we're supposed to be reacting
all right and playing the youth if we
were being enthusiastic or weird
derisive on everything we see yes well
more importantly doing this as it's
happening right like I would pay way
more attention to these other analytics
which I do delve into sometimes which is
like traffic sources where do art where
does our audience come from does it come
from our channel page or does it come
from suggested videos most of you come
from suggested videos or look at
external sources where they come from
like there's another website direct
people to our content then do we partner
up with those people how do you know how
do we how do we play the algorithm game
so it's that's that's kind of the
business side of things that we try not
to get too into because that's a that's
a death spiral yeah that's that's a
that's a game that you cannot win Jack
are you super interested in the division
- you have to remind me what the
division is
there's a John Clancy third-person
shooter where I know the virus or
something there was a virus oh no I
don't care
was it good hey yeah and look generic
great that's a dead deer
right somebody spent months making that
deer in a 3d program and making the
textures for a dead rotting deer that
the camera Sid the pan pass it in the
trailer and nobody's gonna notice out
the game how many like how many meetings
were had about the lighting on the dead
deer alone how many group meetings
Jagger games were expensive to produce
they are very expensive to produce more
largest industries right now one of the
largest entertainment yeah this video
games wow this is so much better since I
stopped doing this shit but what's on TV
isn't it crazy like I'm going to hey
remember how I started this true Ricky
you should really watch lost in space
and no I should you tell me it's great
it's Fanta we heard from some friends of
ours who have kids and they started
watching it with their kids so with a
guy yeah well pop that out one night I
am super riveted it's crazy good I mean
it's a little schmaltzy uh-huh you know
cuz obviously it's the Robinson family
on MySpace what is decent man I should
start start watching them and you know
what I should start watching the expanse
you really should
cuz now that Jeff Bezos is a fan and a
billionaire yeah I can be relatively
certain that the show will be completed
you have some insurance insurance that
this show will see an ending yes yeah I
love the expanse so whilst in space its
loss of space isn't like top tier
amazing what I'm saying is I was coming
at it from an expectation of this is a
dark and gritty reboot of of a cheesy
60s TV show I was coming at it from an
expectation of this is gonna be awful
uh-huh and it's good it's legit good and
parker posey do you know the actress
parker posey uh I mean which is in I
know that name goddammit she's in a
bunch of Christopher Guest
movies like do you member like waiting
for Guffman and out like those improv
movies okay she she's an actress anyway
she is hundred percent killing it
acting-wise yeah she's she's amazing
from Blade 3 of course she's been in
stuff but in any case I've been really
enjoying it I'm a few episodes in would
really love to see a fucking boss fight
that's part of a game anyway come on
Oh more game but oh I'm just saying a
boss fight specifically yeah I'm a few
episodes behind on Legion season two so
I have not seen the finale yet I'm
looking forward to it though I'm not
caught up on anything did we do Secours
was that B that was a from software
Samurai one yeah yeah it's good yeah
it's funny
looks real mean I had a positive
reaction maybe a little more action e
than a Dark Souls game
oh this so should have been Gears 5 just
Funko yeah heads
Funko pop figures are just the ugliest
fucking things I think honestly I don't
get it I don't get it why did they
become popular honestly there's a
grossest they got those creepy jaws eyes
Aintree watch jaws okay that's fair they
randomly ended up watching a documentary
on the making of jaws and how it almost
broke a young Spielberg well yeah was
that that was his first movie yeah
what's his first movie it's definitely
his breakout hit oh shit the duel before
it oh that's um there's gonna be a
made-for-tv movie but they thought it
was good enough a little bit more money
in it we'll put it in the theaters just
this schmuck and truck driver with road
rage oh okay cool where he kind of
pisses off the truck driver we never
seen the truck driver this is really
it's a creepy ass semi okay and he
spends the movie fucking with and
possibly trying to kill this weasel
Everly Weasley but like not not a tough
guy is this man in this tiny little
compact car but yeah those Funko stuff
you know what I you know what I heard in
that trailer that reminds me of a story
I want to tell I heard the wilhelmus man
oh yeah in that little Funko pop trailer
but my children have finally noticed the
Wilhelm scream I keep using that was the
exact conversation and I was like Oh
guys that's important you're gonna hear
that in every movie and they're like
what are you talking about
we haven't heard that in every movie and
so I found like someone made a youtube
compilation of every single Wilhelm
scream like it III
20:18 every single
the satisfactory trailer so yeah we
watched something like this and where
they see it and they're just like wait
I've heard that in this movie in this
movie and now like so like this is their
first foray into like like the movie
thing and it sounds like Nick watch they
sent me watch any movie we probably
shouldn't tell other people's cobbling
know as funny as that would be I love
them they would probably like to get
hits on their own video yeah agreed
rich we're and we're not necessarily
commenting I'm gonna rethink that one
excellent choice douchey excellent
choice rich they say we should watch the
satisfactory trailer also there's a
wolfenstein three thing I think we're
running out of things to be interested
in
oh god yeah I'm not feeling good I
didn't want AAB I kind of wanted to end
this one early anyway okay we can end it
well I'm feeling let's go satisfactory
okay great let's see here chameleon
storm says hey you guys your favorite
German brothers are tipping for the
first time I'm actually very proud of my
brother because he lives in Warsaw
Poland and works on cyberpunk 2077 day
he designed weapons and characters for
the game keep up the good work cool
oh yeah I saw this know this sneaker
rich Evans in there do it sneak one in
give the main character a prereq patch
on their jack that's too much that's too
much just something in the background
all right that says previously all right
that's all we can ask for nothing
attached to the main character come on
we're not that big Joe we're not pude
Empire I'm joking because this isn't
going to happen and it sounds like
they're already done oh yeah so it's
factory building okay okay
satisfactory I get it
tired and sad I wants to know if YouTube
analytics shows the percentage of
neckbeards in our demo all right we have
what's the percentage of males 96%
percentage of neckbeards is 98 percent
ladies we see you you gotta you gotta
take care of that also guys you've got
to take care of that just trim it up
trim it up David you know people says
hey nerds when is nerd crew coin coming
out anyways watch fallout 76 unravel to
captain spirit and panty party to
trailer and seriously when is that
interest is to stream coming so I can
call in sick
Thanks well now that the new streaming
PC is all set up maybe that'll be
Sunday's stream and justice - don't make
promises I said may always goes wrong
I said maybe every fucking time every
motherfucking time yeah I feel like we
got this computer thing worked out and
so I'm gonna go with maybe and what else
but else we have
we got nothin Wow we're done sure okay
so we'll go like that okay and then we
can go to go to the name reading we can
be done there I don't know like I wasn't
super it like even even the Smash
Brothers trailer and unit like you know
I'm a big smash bros person but it's
like I already knew smash was coming out
I'm kind of excited that it's it's a
dual sided coin for me with with the
smash announcement that all the old
characters were coming back because I
like a lot of those characters but also
there's very few new characters and that
sometimes that's the fun it's like ooh
who we gonna get for this new one and
you know what kind of weirdo moves are
they gonna have right so it's a dual
sided coin but texts seem smaller than
normal or is that just me
ah seems smaller than normal
yes I know you guys want us to watch the
followed 76 trailer but also we don't
care about fallout I don't know anything
about the Fallout universe and you're
gonna get this doesn't mean I'm going to
hate it right this means you're going to
get uh I don't really understand what
I'm looking at or why it's significant
so I'm gonna be fairly deadpan watching
it and you're not gonna get what you
want out of my reaction it's true the
big announcement was it's always online
oh then I don't even give a shit it's
always online and some of the people who
you meet up with in-game will be other
real-life people I don't and you might
have like a war with them that sounds
awful so that sounds awful that was the
big announcement
maybe I'm trying to make the font size
bigger that's not working it's not
working I'm sorry
my old my old man eyes are gonna have
trouble reading this isn't there a
magnifier looking Cortana and see if
there's a magnifier yeah oh my God look
at you I'm so old I'm using the
magnifier to read text on a screen this
is it this is oh man and you did it you
did it rich this is the part of the
stream in which you thank all of you
lovely people who have subscribed to us
during this very stream much like dear
Tesla for 14 months in a row that dear
Tesla or dear tests la that's possible
because Tesla only has one s I always
pronounce the name Tesla not Tesla ok is
it Tesla or Tesla I oh I know it's
pronounced with an ass Tesla Tesla you
know what it's fine great Lucca Jones
says specs you fucks specs you fucks the
man of reason skip it Braun for 13
months in a row Kentucky Fried creature
awful waffle 1984 purple space bazooka
for 40 motherfucking months in a row who
says hey guys glad we all survived the
boring train of III maybe I'm getting
older but nothing at e3 seemed to excite
me anyway hope you feel better soon rich
take care of you wonderful hack runs I
do feel the same way like I don't even
doom it's like oh good they're making a
new doom I'll play one comes out I'm
excited about doing I'm excited about
I can't get excited but I'm not them
except for the magnifier so I can read
me word I know I know you know a lot of
works fuck it just just I just gotta
accept it
WMDs says feel better rich thank you
make children cry hey make children cry
did a really great thing in separating
the words yes every other word was all
caps so it was really easy to read the
separate words in doe 86 collie brooder
bill what heck up 448 goddamn
motherfucking months in a row
should we should we do the thing oh yeah
Hey look what we got working says hey
guys glad we all survived the roaring
train though you're on bill Lakha I'm
amber lager you are you know how to use
the computer sorry says oh my god
I've sub to this shit for four years two
hundred and thirty nine dollars and
fifty two cents well spent on you hack
frauds and this episode is an e3 recap
that's like your favorite sitcom doing a
clip that's seriously congratulations
guys Oh terrible stream we should never
do this again
I'm absolutely cuz the honest reaction
yeah for most of it really is
oh it's more okay
okay and it's just us reacting and it's
just honest reactions that aren't
exaggerated horseshit yeah it's just
gonna be bad I'm with you I think we got
like two good bits out of it but that's
not worth this is a whole stream I agree
that's what I'm saying yeah
yeah I'm okay never doing it again great
great uh where were we we're on mr.
oppression awful waffle 1984 death John
for 19 months in a row baba yaga Laila
for 30 fucking months in a row says so
many games look forward to I'm jazzed
you know you know there's a children's
book out yeah called Baba Yaga's
assistant yeah and it's about it's about
a kid who goes out in the woods and
helps the witch Baba Yaga in her house
with the chicken wings and like helps
the witch do which ethan's and learns a
lesson and it's like a kids book baba
Yaga is big now baby
baba Yaga is making a legit comeback and
I'm saying I saw a kids book at the
library and I'm super psyched about that
like a kid reading about Baba Yaga what
that's crazy
we're living in a magic time for Baba
Yaga I mean everybody yeah Baba Yaga
Baba Yaga children's books exist that's
a magic time whoo cannon the intruder
space aliens super cocaine for 25
fucking months in a row says goddamn I
hate III hey it's worth it for devolver
digital just that one lady is so
perfectly cast like does she work for
devolver or do they just hire the same
if she does she's a goddamn natural at
that fake corporate jackass right hacked
or do they just like know this one
actress and but like you don't see her
in anything else yeah it's like where do
you find her incandescent cactus says
what do you guys think about cyberpunk
2077 looks good looks fun looks neat I'd
like to see some game game fun girl I
guess like said what like CD Projekt RED
said that said it oh jesus fuck whatever
I like CD Projekt RED perfect like a
mama used to make
they run the GOG zoo they do they do
they do good work gents
Roboto who says been loving the D&D; talk
Jack I run a small community of super
nerds who like helping newbies and can
answer questions about D&D; if you run
into anything and want help
toss me a line I gotta hook you up
thanks gents were booked no I appreciate
that we have fire dady
jury Moy oh that's all right
you have my back I got a job watching
dr. smoke trees for 21 fucking months in
a row Gunnar fear
geesh maybe Neffe er 'no fear yeah yeah
sure jeez Schatz for 45 motherfucking
months in a row says happy 45 not much
to say except thanks for all the
entertainment here's to another 45
months all the months fra Gert J frog
done Skywalker one tourney Mak who says
thanks for inspiring me to build my own
PC guys I figured if you schlubs could
do it I could room it's true it's really
true you know we we had more technical
problems before starting this dream with
our with our new video card but it was
just something as easy as reading the
manual and moving it from one PCI slot
to another PCI slot it was just that
easy you put it on the wrong hole I put
it classic Jack an accident it slipped
in wipsy
Rice's car 14 hartree-fock er
no we MN for 20 fucking months in a row
says do you watch Mark Browns the game
makers toolkit I've been honestly not
heard it
that's good show it always reminds me
there's a lot of original gameplay ideas
outside of the spotlight if you're bored
with the ever actual hot stuff have been
for decades decades have been for a
while I recommend to visit it just for
the sake of variation yes need it's it's
a lot like um Oh who's the cartoon guys
that have their youtube show where they
kind of talk in depth about simple
mechanics enough I've seen a few of his
episodes I just recently subscribed to
his YouTube channel and yeah he just
kind of delves into like oh here's a
video game concept let's look at it for
a little bit yes neat it's neat
I just watched mm what did I see he oh
he had a really good one on positive and
negative reinforcement loops in games
and and the interesting aspects of those
and why they work and why the Downton ya
game makers toolkit is the name of the
YouTube channel you rich sounds like
Palpatine how our son like Palpatine I
don't know extra credits thank you that
was the that's the animated YouTube show
I was thinking of do you ever watch
extra credits not frequently but I'm
familiar with them yes and a few other
episodes too cool kids like that they
just did talk about games mechanics is
it doesn't really do any more preferred
you go wrapped her sequel itis I think
he only did like two of them don't like
four I think
really
did Castlevania yeah and he didn't make
him he didn't Megaman he did fucking
Zelda did I know that yeah I might have
then didn't even see two of the
different Castlevania games did he do
too and what would the Super Nintendo
one oh okay I might have I think I
remember this other one so much goes in
and out yeah of my brains but yeah like
that wasn't that was never a series that
I think he just started to be a serious
didn't do many of them well I'm sure
it's a lot of work
fucking Zelda right fuckin Zelda where
did we go we said M see Lucas for 48
goddamn motherfucking months in a row oh
that's great that's great there we go
it's a great it's great confetti and MC
Lucas says four years holy fuck can't
believe it's been so long I've been
through a lot of ups and downs over the
years but you and rlm have always been
there with wholesome and bizarre
entertainment thanks for dealing with us
weirdos here's to another four years hey
thanks for sticking around MC Lucas I
don't know if anyone has ever called our
particular brand of entertainment
wholesome before almost certainly not
mister tummy giggles there was mother
fucker
cuz we're so wholesome every once in a
while like I'll talk to you know other
parents and whatnot and you know
eventually the topic of what I do for
work comes into play yeah and you know
the YouTube thing and they're like oh
what's what's your channel you know
we're always looking for something else
and I was like I will tell you the
channel do not watch with your children
yeah yeah not we are not
child's appropriate and they like and
like it's almost like they didn't even
think that not appropriate for children
youtubers exist in because they look
like it looks like that was the first
time that thought had ever occurred to
them like yeah wait a minute should I be
watching these mister tummy giggle says
yep would you guys play a Ryan's babe
game where you're the babe trying to
sabotage Ryan's relationship so he has a
knee antics before your dad shoots the
son of a bitch that would be a great
point and click adventure games yeah
you'd have to you'd have to sabotage
your game your goals would have to
change every screen you're on yeah yeah
and I do plot they take over if it was a
true Ryan's bitch yeah yes and and
different timelines would start and end
abruptly him dark matter for 35 fucking
months in a row who says oh yeah if it
docks
Rob let's hop Rob lit up Rob lit up a
rub lit up there could be rubble down
I think it's Rob laid up I like rumbled
up robble robble robble DUP okay smolder
is awesome solo five six underscore
seven for twenty nine fucking months in
a row do you get shit for your username
now because the solo movie is tanked I
still like it for the record I like the
movie but overall did not get a very
good reaction from the fans really do
not I I I explained this a little bit on
Sunday I had to leave after about an
hour of the movie yeah because my child
was acting inappropriately and I didn't
mind that I had to leave an hour into
the movie that's him I was your child
acting inappropriately they because they
were so bored with the movie they were
so bored so I left and I was okay
leaving okay maybe I'll watch it when it
comes to the TV and finish it up
after your ship round Sun seven oaths
dial 871 says yay prereq but screw my
internet provider who left me internet
less for about 90% of your III stream Oh
was that terrible stream don't worry
about it
I'm sure someone Clips there like two or
three funny moment yeah I was two or
three funny moment let's just watch
those Clips you'll be fine
black Dynamite's who says I can't
believe I've remembered to clip to click
on prime sub six times in a row
gratulations you did it Black Dynamite
yeah you're looking at me I was gonna
hold back until we hit the second person
who mentioned it oh really
cuz usually there's one or two people
mention it so you don't want to bus that
I first I I was just I'm just waiting
for it I gave you your room I don't like
but then I could feel you waiting for it
I wanna go you you didn't want to give
me the satisfaction just want to be a
little bit of a break because you know I
like to mention that you have to
manually recent scribe to Amazon Prime
every month collecting data for 39
motherfucking months in a row
cuz if you could be any video game
character from an 8-bit game for eight
hours who would you be lol fuck baduk
are the kids still saying that all of
them all of them are why just eight
hours
why am I gonna want to be any video game
character for eight hours I suppose the
idea is at the end you get to turn back
into you
Mario you're having fun playing it but
the video game characters themselves are
usually not having a very good time of
things like do I want to go jogging for
five hours and jumping now all right
I've got it okay oh no the main
character of Wall Street kid I'm just
trying to get all that money I just I
just invest that money then I'm not the
character anymore
but I got those investments god damn it
that's best I got that's the best I got
unsharp fucking notice if I were gonna
play the game yeah the game that they
want us to play which is like a nation
adventure right right now and all that
bullshit right now I'm in a super
fantasy place like I really I'm enjoying
kind of the fantasy so I'd say I'd say
the link I'd want to go on an adventure
and monsters with a sword
maybe Mario get a smooch from the
princess you know something like that I
don't that's all I got so you're taking
peach over Zelda does link it to
smooches Elva at the end does he get a
smooch this is the question ever lose
ever been a smooch usually Mario just
gets cake though I want to say there's a
little heart at the end of the original
Super Mario Brothers which I've always
interpreted as a smooth oh my god
there's probably like some kind of ron
jeremy adult game right totes only game
there's some sort of game where I can
really really make those eight hours
countdown yeah well you turn back into
you and like any diseases don't transfer
right none of the bad stuff transfers
right
where we go we're at add a did uh Hut 88
I did at I did that oh I think I get it
Livan 421 fucking months in a row Cuba
99 dark gun Baba Ben Harvey rip big man
oh oh my god there's plenty more because
we're because were magnified because of
our old man eyes our I had to scroll the
magnifying glass down our old man called
Donner 777 general custard FP Shay's Lee
this new subscriber for twenty six
fucking months in a row mr. mo she isn't
I don't think so is it I think he's just
saying you're just saying it's just
saying exclamation point butts butts
okay butts butts butts that was part of
some kind of bug emoji could be I don't
know Ren jib for 20 fucking months in a
row
Matt James Tex are perfect Gil foo
Randolph the rad says just found out the
name for these solo a Star Wars sequels
a Star Wars story sequel cancelled a
Star Wars story
oh shit if they actually plan to sequel
is definitely cancelled now they're
there they're what they're doing right
now they're there in the process of
what's known as retooling just we're
rethinking
our strategy for the solo sequel mm-hmm
which is just ya can't which is
canceling it universe ol play-doh 1 for
16 months in a row says you guys should
do another mspaint pictionary stream but
a while but sure
sure why not it's my turn to read oh yes
how this works I know how this works
we've been doing this for four years
baby Slayer one five six 444
motherfucking months in a row who says
my aunt Susie wants me to tell rich that
she has the hots for you
cool yeah get that get that uh hey Susie
get that off I'll have an aunt I'd like
to fuck an ill ill ill
that's an elf Oh get you give me that
Alf lovin a little bit a very different
TV show else just you know older ladies
with a glass of rose a a hot naked aunt
living in the Tanners home waiting Jenny
I don't know if anyone was named Johnny
she'd have to be a lesbian though always
trying to get that pussy health in the
show was as a TV show but an alien it
was a puppet and he liked to eat cats I
like it I like it for those who didn't
know but we know through analytics that
some people do most people get that
reference
Lulla monster for 12 months in a row
leftover beefcake 43 motherfucking
months in a row beefcake hmm make the
font bigger in the twat sure or
ship prereq a pair of reading glasses
hmm I wonder how rich would look at a
pair of nice black horn-rimmed
spectacles if you could either you make
the font a little bit bigger beefcake
some people need it
Jeb Bojangles says although the sentence
begins with because it is false okay not
Captain Picard says who was better
Carter Kirk they both have the charms
the card and probably I don't hate Kirk
crooks great he doesn't he doesn't cook
thing but yeah you're the correct answer
is you're correct is there two very
different captains Turks were you know
an action hero yes the star the hero
he's the Cowboys the key is the cowboy
he's taming the wild way out of space
and and Picard is the diplomat and you
get very very different stories out of
the very different reactions very
different approaches yeah agreed agreed
black
octopus ink Chris X right ah j RR
Lovecraft for 17 months in a row and
that was everybody thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
it's true
we really do rich how many gay kisses do
you give this stream none it sucked