The Nerd Crew – Solo: A Star Wars Story Premiere! Plus reactions!!!	 
May 15, 2018
http://redlettermedia.com/the-nerd-crew-solo-a-star-wars-story-premiere-plus-reactions/

hello and welcome to another episode of
the nerd I'm Mike and I'm what you might
call pathetic my parents tell me to get
a real job but I don't want to and I'm
Jay and I'm just really into movies so
into movies in fact that I own some of
them and I'm rich and if you hear a loud
beeping noise that's just my insulin
pump also movies very cool very cool
very cool
boy Craig well everyone full disclosure
last week all of us attended the most
important event in cinema history since
the last one and until the next one it
was the premiere of solo a han Solo
story starring Han Solo story got a clap
for that not a clap for it got a clap
for it very cool very cool got a clap
for Han Solo got a clap for him now I
couldn't help but notice that Lord and
Miller were not there yeah but we were
that's right Mike we did just attend the
premiere of solo a Star Wars story but
were not allowed to say anything yet
however it was that's right rich we
aren't allowed to say anything yet
because the review embargo has not
lifted and that's standard practice for
all of these films it's true but we do
think it's very important to let you
know that we were there we saw the movie
but we can't say anything yet the
important part is that we let you know
that we were there and you were not yeah
we saw the movie and what's the
important takeaway that Jay is trying to
get at is that we were there and saw the
movie and you weren't the premiere the
premiere of the film it was a
star-studded event and we were invited
the carpet outside was red yes and there
was even a full-scale model of the
Millennium Falcon and and it was in
Hollywood and we were
what a great use of the taxpayers money
by the way that's true hosed off a
street I heard an ambulance couldn't get
through to rescue a dying child but you
know that's okay I hope that they let
whoever was in charge of that ambulance
know that it was for Star Wars it was
and Darwin you know the family I'm sure
they'll get over the death of their
child because they were given free
tickets not to the premiere
unfortunately but one of the later
showings of the film look the ambulances
get access to that road 364 days out of
the year very true star readers only
wants one of them and and you could say
it was that that child's fault for
having a medical emergency on that day I
would you know it's believed he was hit
by the limo carrying the stars to Han
Solo a Star Wars story whoa this changes
nothing well enough about unrelated
child accidents that had nothing to do
with this premiere very cool we're here
to tell you in this video that we saw
the movie but we can't say anything
about the move no no are we allowed to
even TV give our initial impressions on
the film because well rich that's a very
good question I'm going to consult some
notes that I wrote down earlier
now it's tricky we are and we aren't we
are allowed to say that we are at the
premiere and if we love the movie we are
allowed to hint that it was amazing but
if we didn't like the movie we are not
allowed to say that it was bad in any
way no like that what happened
and we're gonna get to talking about
absolutely nothing in detail but first
we need to talk about something very
serious and that's erectile dysfunction
Oh Mike that sounds like a serious
problem that affects millions of people
that's right rich mainly men as you set
sail into your 40s and 50s do you find
you're having a difficult time getting
hard well try cialis once a day it's a
much better alternative to making your
significant other dress up a Slave Leia
yet again especially in this cultural
climate or or having her dress like a
baby ey I mean I mean like Palpatine
dress like Palpatine oh rich Palpatine
is so much worse both of them are pretty
bad it's something wrong with you so
your first thought was a walk and then
to cover that up your second thought was
Palpatine they could have at least gone
with a gomorian guard well guys I think
that's enough from our sponsors for this
video it's time to get down to the heart
of the matter and that is not talking
about solo a Star Wars story and as we
mentioned last week we are at the
premiere and Wow
what an unbelievable night that's right
Mike it certainly was unbelievable and
you know what else is unbelievable when
you go to see your parents and they're
acting a little bit confused the
newspapers in the fridge they put their
cat in the dryer and their cars parked
upside down out in the lawn that's right
rich not to mention that faint smell of
urine in the air yeah so much urine so
if you're an aging white male in his 50s
and mom and dad are showing signs that
they need a little bit of help
consider senior angels when it's almost
time for heaven care we done we fucking
done with the sponsors can we finally
start talking about so low a Star Wars
story Mike this isn't a video about so
low a Star Wars story it's just a video
about how we saw so low a Star Wars
story and Schill a bunch of products
hint' the movie it was
what the fuck what are you eating
Denny's
what Denny's where you always get
fantastic cuisine but right now you can
get your very own solo a Star Wars story
trading cards and collectors cups hmm
and today we're debuting some of the
Denny's menu items in a new segment I'd
like to call food fight in this corner
we have the Lightspeed slam which is the
healthy fit option featuring egg whites
scrambled together with fresh spinach
and grape tomatoes and you also get to
turkey bacon strips and English muffin
and seasonal fruit and in this corner we
have the two moon skillet diced ham
fresh spinach sautéed mushrooms and hash
browns topped with gouda cheese sauce
cheddar cheese and two eggs wow I'm
loving it Jay that's that's Burger King
what is this what the fuck is this it's
Denny's they gave us a check to show
their solo themed menu items while we
gush about how much we like the movie no
I mean us guys we used to love talking
about movies we used to love talking
about pop culture
we were always honest and our opinions
were never for sale now look at us look
at yourselves we look like fucking
clowns I'm sickened I'm disgusting
sitting here lying making excuses for
Ryan Johnson's terrible film we all know
deep in our hearts we hated it but we
have to lie and say that we loved it
it's fucking shameful sad
Mike what's wrong with you do you have
low tea if so you should really consider
and Rogell androgel 1.6 2% is a daily
testosterone replacement therapy that
can help bring your testosterone levels
back to normal with daily morning use it
is used to treat adult males who have
low or no testosterone due to certain
medical conditions you know what fuck
this I'm quitting the nerd crew what you
can't you can't quit the nerd crew yeah
we're like the Beatles
if the Beatles were a bunch of
talentless uncreative middle-aged men
that talked about star wars on YouTube
for cash from low-quality chain
restaurants no Jay I'm done I'm gonna go
out and I'm gonna get a real job and I
suggest that you guys do the same
well you know Mike if you need a real
job why don't you go to monster.com your
online resources for job hunting tools
why hello mr. Gibson I'm calling you
today to tell you that you may have been
pre-qualified to be pre-selected to win
an Alaskan cruise all you have to do is
up again no one wants to listen to me
talk anymore on the internet people used
to love to listen to me talk about
things they like or know now everyone
just fucking hangs up on me I'm just a
failure big fat white failure boy I sure
do miss talking about tentpole movies on
the internet now I just clean up
elephant shit near a tent pole
all right our next question comes from
dart Thanos six one three who asks how
much more do DC movies suck than Marvel
movies five or ten times more yep about
five or ten give or take okay our next
question comes from movie Laverne who
asks do you think the next Star Wars
movie will jump the shark yeah I guess
sure sure yeah the next Star Wars movies
gonna jump the shark yeah
okay my break is over now next call
hello mr. Winfield I'm calling you today
to tell you that you may have been
pre-qualified I don't mean to be rude
but I was just heading out the door to
take my kids to go see a movie movie you
say well if you don't mind me asking sir
what movie are you going to see movie
infinite war something very cool and
it's actually called infinity war if you
don't mind me asking sir if I'm not
prying too much how old are your
children my kids yeah three and seven
whoa well the three year old might not
quite understand what's going on but for
the 7 year old it's gonna be very scary
especially the ending about two hours in
we should just leave the theater
absolutely it's when the Lord hits
Thanos with the axe just leave then and
tell your children that the Avengers won
hey you just saved me a few hours with a
crying seven-year-old you know what you
should quit miss telemarketing gig like
review movies is something well sir it's
it's actually a long story but but
you know what that man is right I was
made for something more than
telemarketing and scamming people into
timeshares I was made to review movies
on YouTube and you know what America I
don't even need to get paid for it it's
because pop culture is such an important
conversation that we all need to be
having especially in these dark times
and to me that is more important than
any amount of money solo a Star Wars
story comes out in just a few days and I
can't wait to talk about it in
excruciating detail
what they do so many great such a funny
film to but the thing I don't get is why
are we all celebrating a character who's
essentially a misogynist guilty of
sexual harassment and assault my hands
are dirty dirty - what are you afraid of
time to do not talk about lists are we
cutting that we're cutting
