Episode 012
Crypt of the Necrodancer
January 17, 2015
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-crypt-of-the-necrodancer/
___________________________________________________________

you
hi rich hi jack
what are we doing today I'm previously
recorded we are playing an indie title
Wow wait I like indie titles
so people criticize us often for our
love of indie titles yes and to
illustrate the point to illustrate why
we like indie titles so much what I have
right here is a printout from our local
gaming store of upcoming major release
titles yes upcoming big studio titles
right Triple A games Triple A games
Laura Croft Temple of Osiris Tomb Raider
12 Metal Gear Solid 5 a technical self
espionage Malik Splinter Cell ask bang
pendulum number of those Saints Row 4
open-world crime theft steal cars drive
around mayhem oh here we go
evolve a bland looking first-person
shooter the the order 1886 also a
first-person shooter
battlefield hardline oh that's also a
first-person shooter
I mean you some of these might be fine
games there might be I don't want to put
all of these games down just on
principle but the fact is there's
nothing new there it's all stuff that is
very familiar to us we're getting you
know sequels into the like the eights
and nines because some of these the
studio's they don't they're so
embarrassed and how many they've put out
they don't even put the number on it
anymore it's like once you get to the
fourth game you just you leave that
number off and suddenly it's just some
title so here we have crypt of the
necrodancer yes an entirely new genre
yes it's a new idea crypt of the
necrodancer it is a rhythm game dungeon
crawler
the planet has a predictable pattern he
said I learned that pattern and you
won't suffer so much as a scratch and
it's it's it's deceptively simple you
there's only four buttons there's
up-down left-right that's it
even even navigating the menu you do
everything through those those four
buttons very simple and in fact I think
they did that on purpose so you could
play with a dance pad if people wanted
to full disclosure we did not play with
a dance pad in trying to explain the
game which is harder to do than I
thought it would be isn't it considering
how simple the game is so you only move
up down left or right but you have to
move in beat to the music heart thumping
at the bottom of the screen
so your character your character moves
in B to the music but also you would
tack in beat to the music and what you
have to do is find the monsters pattern
and find a way to dance close to it to
attack it all within the rhythm so then
to attack an enemy all you have to do is
press the direction of the enemy very
simple it doubles as both a dance and a
fight because the monsters they have
like a predictable pattern like the the
gold slime goes due to the blue one just
goes up and down the skeleton just
weights a beat and then jumps forward
weights beat and then jumps forward and
you know their patterns and you kind of
have to move with them in order to hit
them properly to not take any damage and
to feed the monster so it's like a
choreographed dance because you know the
moves you have to do to defeat the
monster you're kind of both doing these
things in unison to position yourself
for the kill you know it's like it's
like the pattern in your head in your
head it ends up being like jump stab
stab jump stab stab
jump stab stab and so then what is -
move stab move dodge stamp move dud stab
so then what happens is these really
amazing moments when two or three
monsters will be coming at you and you
have to dance around them while
attacking them while you're dancing
around another monster and keep moving
it turns into this little like finger
dance it's it's a maneuvering and battle
mechanic that's so simple and so
complicated I don't know how else to
describe it so weird it's it's I don't
know that it's complicated just it's so
different you've not seen anything like
that before in a video game you've never
played anything like this before and you
should spoiler alert for how it feels
out the game but and like we're not
doing justice I think - how how deep the
game is with four button controls so
then not only do you have the basic
moving stabbing mechanic then you have
different weapons you know the way the
different weapons work is like the
broadsword you know that attacks like
three spaces wide in front of you you
know the spirits it's just too directly
in front it's like the different weapons
have different like attacks shapes like
the whip has this weird L thing going on
that's kind of like the knight in chess
you don't have to move in to be.we you
miss beats all the time as part of the
game but if you keep moving in the beat
the floor turns into a disco dance floor
and that raises your multiplier so by
killing enemies you can get more goals
and you can use that gold to spend in
the shops to get better weapons and so
it's it's important for you to keep the
beef going and of course all the enemies
are moving in the beat and so like
keeping that rhythm becomes almost
addictive you feel you feel like you
need to move into the beat and keep that
motion going even when you don't like
you can be in a shop browsing the shop
and there's no reason to keep moving him
you can just sit there and look at the
items but I find myself I'm still
hopping along back and forth which sword
do I want to buy I want to buy the
titanium sword or the obsidian sphere
I don't know I don't know if the people
at home can tell how exciting it is to
talk about something new you're in love
I can tell this I'm a little in love
this is a very dare I say casual game
now now wish to talk about about casual
games some reason casual has become like
an insult and people don't even know
what a casual game is I think we should
explain this I think you know when most
people think of casual games
the easiest example to point to
something like bejeweled a tile matching
game a casual game is a game that is
just simple it's easy to pick up easy to
play and you can play it and like
bite-sized chunks you pick up Tetris and
you play Tetris while you're waiting for
the bus or something that the classic
casual game crypt of the necrodancer is
definitely that it is it's cows and
that's that's not an insult you can
enjoy hardcore games and casual games
there's no reason you can't it's really
true it's it's oak it's okay to like
casual
it's okay to like anything see here's
here's here's actually my issue with a
dancer the necro crimp dancer man yep
it's almost too casual for its format
it's like I find when I play this game I
can't play it for anymore than like 15
or 20 minutes at a time it's it's almost
too repetitive too simple in that way
it's like I give 20 minutes like I okay
I got enough I gotta do some well it
would work well as a handheld game
it's prying out desperately to be a
handheld game that you can play while
you're waiting for the bus I would love
to have this game on my phone and you
know the simple controls I left right up
down on your touchscreen right I would
love to yes while sitting waiting for
something just go I want that to happen
I want this game on my phone you know
and it's it's a criticism it doesn't
mean I don't like the game but it it
desperately needs to be mobile
it really does we should point out now
though that the game is still in alpha
this is definitely I don't even know if
it's early access when we started doing
this but it's very early access yes I
mean it's not even in beta so anything
we talked about could change yeah
um I think crypt of the necrodancer
handles its randomization of items
really well because you have to earn
items through playing the game much like
another game I play a lot The Binding of
Isaac the more you play the game the
more items you unlock and after you
unlock an item you don't necessarily get
it but it just gets added to the pool of
randomization and so like in this game
you have to collect diamonds and then
you can turn in those diamonds to buy
items that get add into the randomize
sir the randomizer can call it whatever
you want to call it that get added to
the rain to the pool of items that you
might randomly get yeah but that's it
seems like there should be a more
awesome name um the random occasion the
AI demographer oh I'm gonna buy that
thing it's been AI tomography hahahaha
um and so I feel that earning these
items as you play the game really helps
with the learning curve because what it
what basically it's just like little
rewards so you know like you may not
have defeated the end boss you may have
died but you got four diamonds so now
you can unlock a new thing and you might
get a thing you know so these little
things help smooth out the beginning of
the game and because it's such a new
idea I was lost for a long time
I think I've got valence issues with
this game jack balance issues balance
issues I want to call this a rogue white
this game is it I guess it comes in part
and parcel with a casual nature of this
game it's divided into like four zones
there's zone 1 zone 2 zone 3 and zone
for each zone is only like three stages
long it's three stages and then the
three stages and a boss it goes by real
quick right and it usually it usually it
says like 1 over power item that makes
the difference like you find you find
that that titanium whip and you're
you're good to go
you're pretty good to go and then and
then you get these items and then you
breeze through you get to the boss and
then before you go to the next sector
usually see usually in a roguelike you
get powerful then I carry she through
the whole game you get you get past that
that little four chunk segment in his
own one and then you lose everything
again well what you're talking about is
hardcore mode in which you need to make
it through all four zones you anyone you
can't carry though your powerful weapons
through the harder zone in hardcore mode
you can in hardcore mode you can't yes
hardcore mode by the way very hard even
though you get to carry over your items
yes right you know it's one of those
things when you have randomized items
there are times where you're gonna get
shit items and that's just a shit run
and there are times when you're gonna
get great stuff here's here's how the
game works fine bow win game yes I found
the titanium bow and I had half a heart
left I made it through to the boss the
thing I want to make sure I talk about
is that every character has a unique
movement and dance style and so you know
the stone golem does his shimmy shimmy
shimmy good jump the skeletons put their
hand in the air and jump exactly so when
the hands go up you know it's going down
and not only is it nice but it means
that if you die it's your fault because
you know you see the stone golem
shimmying you know he's gonna jump and
so you just weren't quick enough to do
it and you see the skeleton his hands go
but he got you anyway you fucked up you
know you know the detail I like and it's
not necessarily an animation detail it's
that like when the part of the song
kicks in that would be the chorus if
you're near the shopkeeper the
shopkeepers start singing
and the little notes come out of his
head it's great and not only that but
the further away from him you are the
less you can hear him and so you know
keep remember it's a roguelike so the
map is blind to you until you explore it
so as you get closer and closer to the
shopkeeper his voice gets louder and
louder so you know you're heading in the
right direction if you want to go to the
shop adorable and wonderful I told them
to drop dead how ironic
so crypt of the necrodancer rich would
you recommend this game I wouldn't
recommend it I'm trying to like rank
it's like it's not gonna surpass like
FTL or risk of rain is my favorite
roguelike but no it's it's enjoyable
game it's nice to play a new thing um if
you like rhythm games or you just want
to try something different
check out give it a lot when it's only
it's only 15 bucks Jack how do you feel
about crypt of the necrodancer ii line
dance crip Neck Rome
um I of course would recommend it I
think I've been talking highly of it one
it is a new genre whether the game was
good or not I would recommend I would
applaud anyone trying this as it turns
out oh I would applaud someone trying it
I wouldn't necessarily recommend it but
it turns into this really fun experience
and the game is full of these moments
when you correctly dance around an enemy
stabbed stabbed danced and stabbed
stabbed drum beat drum beat stab stab
dig dig drum stab Sam drum dance there
are moments that make this game worth it
that make it feel like you did something
really good yeah so definitely recommend
it for that ah if this turned into a nap
for my iPhone or showed up on a handheld
device I would double triple recommended
yes I think I'm in the same boat this
this game needs to be something you can
pick up and play wherever what