Episode 013
Why Mario Is More Immersive than Call of Duty
February 22, 2015
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-why-mario-is-more-immersive-than-call-of-duty/
________________________________________________________________________________

that's when the monkey stepped on the
rollerskates the rollerskates right by
the stairs so he fells down the stairs
and then his diaper flew off and it went
everywhere every
we're talking about something that
bothers me about modern video games okay
and that is the button prompt a button
prompt is when you're playing the game
and a thing then comes on the screen the
bottom of the screen that tells you
exactly what you're supposed to do like
specifically which button you press it
doesn't even say you have to jump over
the sledge figure out how to do it it
says press X to jump over the ledge and
you will jump over the ledge without
having to think about it in all at all
in any way shape or form but I'll just
joy he'll just jump over the ledge but
you have to press X first that's the way
you do that just turn your brain off hit
X and the game will will keep playing so
here is my exaggerated thesis statement
in order to get people to click on this
video okay Super Mario Brothers for the
NES is a more immersive game than call
of duty advanced warfare check that that
sounds like an outlandish clickbait
statement it does there's many things
about Call of Duty that I find
bothersome mostly it's a super bland
story but we're not talking about the
story what happens is you're playing
you're playing call of duty and all of a
sudden a big story moment happens let's
say for example your best friend was
killed in action no press I press X to
save your friend that's what I wanna do
does it actually say that no that was my
joke but then also you jump out of your
cutscene and you're in a playable
scenario again but you only have one
option that is to press a button to pay
respects
I mean how silly of a game to say just
press X to pay respects
it will that's a call of duty right now
has the famous example of that with the
press f to pay respects but other other
games have done this it all it's it
really solidified with our review of
alien isolation I'm pointing to you can
click on here to see our review I didn't
I didn't get one no no I got I got
something completely unrelated
oh is that Italian cuz you know whore
you need to be immerse you need to feel
like you're there so you can be scared
when the monster jumps out at you but
constantly during that game you try to
open a door and hit X spin the
controller button around hit B and I'm
your look the controller you're out of
the game you're out of the world
absolutely even even if you know the
buttons by muscle memory so you don't
have to look at the controller the
picture of it is on the screen
absolutely the picture of the end so
that reminds you that you are just a
person holding a controller you're not
in the game anymore you're just a guy in
a room well where do you think where do
they start where's the first button prep
prompted it started with the QuickTime
events I believe it did start with the
QuickTime event shim-sham you me shem
you see you history
she so the the big one for me was
Resident Evil 4 after all you and I both
know where we come from
see the one the one I I think of is God
of War this God of War wasn't just the
cutscenes - it was like there was like
this little interactive things that
would happen like during battles if I
remember correctly you're fighting to
the boss and then in the middle of the
boss battle wasn't really a separate
cutscene but you'd have to hit X to rip
the giant serpents mouth open
it's the illusion of control you're not
actually controlling the game at that
point the game is giving you the inputs
and you you have to depress the right
button so that the game script will
execute the fancy action that is going
on into the screen and like the the God
of War style button prompt you you hit X
and then when you hit X Kratos will jump
on top of the Cyclops and shove the
sword design and he'll rip the eye out
then I'll take the octa-core around the
eye and choke the monster with it
because you hit X so you did that thing
and this is where the immersion comes in
when you're playing other games without
the button prompts you get to choose how
you are going to complete an objective
and that's why I can say something like
Super Mario Brothers is more immersive
two buttons there's run and there's jump
but it has momentum it has some physics
to the world to me when I get into a
longer session of Mario I can feel
myself jump like you know I can feel my
muscles tensing when I'm trying to make
a big jump you know another example
would be something like Super Meat Boy
great jumping and running physics I can
feel the wind beneath my little meaty
feet when I make a super long jump in
Super Meat Boy feels like I'm jumping
and even though mario is this little
pixel man who obviously doesn't look
anything like me or like a real person
for that matter I can feel him jumping
more than I can feel me shooting in Call
of Duty here's here's the thing though
with with with button prompts though
Super Mario Super Mario is a simple game
not this bad game I'm not saying that at
all but you only need run a jump really
practically only to jump he could auto
run in theory and you could condense
Mario down to one button let's say let's
say there were more
scenario let's say let's say they wanted
to have the spin jump from from world
yeah what do you do is or is there a
when you need to spin jump on something
in in Mario Ness would they do like a
little nest style button prompt what
what do you do when you need more
buttons than your controller has what
what do you want basically what do you
want the modern gave game devs to do
what I want them to do is trust us as
gamers to figure it out
I have an example ready of a game that
has both done this well and poorly
I've been recently playing Batman Arkham
Asylum and the fighting mechanics in
Arkham Asylum is really great very fun
very fluid you know combos
counter-attacks blocks it's really great
when you do your first couple of fights
there are button prompts above the bad
guys you have to press B to hit this bad
guy oh this guy's about to hit you you
have to press this button to
counter-attack right but as you play the
game the button prompts go away it's
it's a it's a little bit of a cartoonish
visual cue but it's something that is
not that does not take you out of the
world how is that really any different
than just having the button that says a
it's a visual cue on the screen so it's
like you see the big a button right what
what does that remind you of ever minds
you have the controller you're holding
your hand it brings you back into the
real world suddenly you're not in the
game you're oh the controller exactly in
that moment you are no longer Batman
you're just some asshole sitting alone
in his room pretending to be Batman
Batman is also a game that does
something that annoys the very crap out
of me which is every time you come up to
a vent you have to tap the a button
really fast to open the vent and the
game tells you that every single goddamn
vent
okay ready we're going to play a fun
game it's called where should we go
let's see where should we go oh the big
glowing thing let's go to the big
glowing thing all that does is wash away
the wonderful world they've created you
know you're Batman
you're fighting guys you're solving
crimes but you can't remember how to
open a vent what what what you are
talking about kind of reminds me of
theif and and where thee the evolution
of gaming is going red and theif you
have a blackjack right and you sneak up
behind enemies and you knock them up no
in ninety three once you get close to
the back of the guard because they
assume you're an idiot he raises his
hand up now there's still no button
props that says X but you know there's a
visual cue that now you can hit the
blackjack button
first first there was no prompt at all
you just got behind and you're in range
you can knock them out if you don't just
kind of whiff and you look like an idiot
but you kind of know where the range is
you got to be close to knock somebody
out then you get to the third game and
they think you need a cue to do it so
the arm comes up and then now now gaming
that now they think we're so dumb now
they tell you what buttons to press to
do these things it's a visual cue that
your character is ready to strike and
that's less hand-holding then say what
if you would have theif you walked up
close to garden and said press B now I
haven't played the new one but I would
not be surprised at all if they do that
why are they doing this because we know
we know from the past from these things
we've brought up that they don't have to
do this so why I think this is kind of
left over from when gaming wasn't the
dominant entertainment form everyone has
a gaming system everyone plays games now
but these bigger development studios
they move slowly they don't adapt as
well and so they still assume that no
one knows how to hold the goddamn
controller anymore they still assume
that nobody plays games they couldn't
possibly be that dumb could they they
how could you give your audience that
little credit it would be akin like like
the imagine you're watching a movie okay
and there's a bad guy on screen here
we'll put up a movie here write some get
some cheap-ass movie and a little title
comes up it says this is the bad guy and
you know you're getting into the plot
and all of a sudden the title comes and
goes this is a bad guy he's gonna do
something bad because this movie studio
doesn't want you to forget that this guy
is the bad guy right he thinks so little
of you that you don't have the mental
power to remember that there is a bad
guy on screen doing something bad
that's what button prompts are they they
are the worst form of hand-holding in
certain types of games yes I mean I
don't know that every game has to be an
immersive experience I think you could
have some some lighter games like No
More Heroes comes to mind where where
when you slice the baddies there's a
little spinning arrow of the toes you
where where to swing the lamode and
that's it's kind of an art Katy game and
I think it's fine there but if you're
doing something where they want it to be
realistic and you're you're a part of
the world when that happens it's gonna
take out even if it's just a little bit
sure like like you know I'm the even
thing of them of a I'm trying to think
of a more extreme example like DDR yeah
yeah like DDR this together there are
arrows on the screen you have to press
the arrow under your feet no one's gonna
get caught up in DDR so talking about
immersion and they do these things so
you can feel immersed right they don't
they don't want you to have a cutscene
and what to look at the casket they want
you to as a player to look at the casket
so they do that you know illusion of
control hit X you notoriously hate
cutscenes Jack
would this be less silly as a cutscene
would you actually here's a question
Jack would you prefer this to be a
cutscene I would because what this is is
this is faux gameplay this is pretend
gameplay right like I can't make any
choices here as a character or as a
gamer so then what's the game part of
this thing right here right what don't
you do I just just run around in a
circle
during this guy's funeral okay just run
around in a circle ah can i crouch i
can't crouch I wanted to like kneel next
to the widow and be like I'm so sorry it
was my friend too
I loved him can you can you at least
even talk to them or no no props can I
just leave I'm just gonna go this way
without paying respects you go from a
cutscene to this one scenario and the
exit was blocked by MPs I was literally
trapped in a box until I hit a button
and then the most insulting part about
it is after you pay your respects and
you walk out it goes to another cutscene
don't but don't you don't you care about
this rich don't I don't you I I don't
care at all don't you care about let
your friend rich your friend good guy
the guy we just met and so there is a
ton of money in games right now right
and these games that do dumb down the
user experience are making a buttload of
money but it's hard to tell whether
that's just influx of new blood or
whether that's what people want think I
think young industries in general like
movies or or comic books or video games
right early on there's a golden age
where nobody knows what the fuck they're
doing and everything is experiment what
if we do this Oh interesting and then
and then things kind of get sorted out
and then money takes over corporate
interest in let's the dumbest on well
more people will see it if we do X
number of times the creativity got goes
low we're gonna do this thing that
people like over and over again so right
now video games are following the
spreadsheet
the spreadsheets when will this target
demographic are not too bright you know
they don't know to hit the B button when
they go there I want to make sure that
everyone in the audience pay money for
this game knows how to get over that
hill so there better be a little button
that comes up to be jump over he'll do
that in the game we need that but but
Sir they they've already had that that
down here there goes spreadsheet tells
me what to do
we follow the spreadsheet so rich would
you recommend button prompts ah I don't
I don't know that there's a final
thoughts for this it's just kind of a
whole discussion it's the thing we did
right it's like a no yeah we had an
exploration of button prompts Oh what
press B to end episode