Episode 016
Bloodborne
April 15, 2015
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-bloodborne/
_____________________________________________

you
hi rich hi jack today we're going to
talk about blood-borne and blood-borne
is the new software from from software
there- over here it's a third-person
action game very heavy combat focus with
a notorious difficulty level very much
in the vein of Demon Souls and Dark
Souls also made by from software well
the way the way I understand it it's
actually even almost a pseudo sequel to
Demon Souls and Dark Souls wanted to
though
for our purposes we've played like four
hours of Dark Souls one someone told me
you should level up your resistance
resistance that is something you should
sure they're not fucking with you they
could well they tell me that before the
stream started so I'm going to assume
that they're not fucking with resistance
is leveled the setting of the world is
very horror inspired you know like all
the buildings are dilapidated there's
dead bodies everywhere when you like to
defeat an enemy a comical amount of
blood spews forth from them and just
like overall there's this wonderfully
creepy and ominous tone well you you
think it's gonna be like a van Helsing
themed thing you're fighting were wolves
and vampires but it kind of takes a
Lovecraftian turn cuz there's there's
actually a shocking amount of body
horror going on in this game
everything in this game looks great
right this I'm gonna I'm gonna say
something that might not even be as
controversial as I think it is this is
the best looking game of this console
generation everybody talks about the
order and how great the order look but
the art design and the order is just so
bland and boring the art design in blood
bar is fucking incredible like just like
the the monsters in that game right
there's so much variety in the monsters
each each kind of level has its own
unique monsters and just when you think
you understand what the entire game is
gonna be they throw a new monster into
the mix where it's like you know kind of
starts with over like the zombie guys
that's that's what we'll call them right
yeah and you know you get them and then
you get you know some augers right and
you're like okay this is kind of what
the world's gonna be then you get to the
next level and it's like tiny little
goblin creatures and and like ghouls
like honestly like they look like aliens
like that classic big big eyed alien
then you get to the next level and it's
white-faced
giant skeletons with axes and it's so
refreshing to see this kind of like
enemy variety yeah it keeps it keeps the
game from getting old why I look forward
to killing you sir
whoa fuck my nutsack let's explain the
combat yeah yeah so with every weapon
there is a light attack and a heavy
attack then every weapon has a second
form to it there's also a stealth combo
system and I'm not saying that like you
can go into stealth and then fight I'm
saying that there is a combo system that
doesn't act like a combo system so what
you can do is stab them a couple times
quickly with the short form press the
extendo button which also attacks the
enemy and then do a long attack to like
chain this combo that keeps your enemies
stunned and does amazing damage it is so
satisfying then there's this parrying
which is the whole thing parrying is a
whole thing so you got your right hand
weapon which is like an axe or a sword
or some kind of melee weapon then you've
got your left hand weapon which is
usually some kind of gun the way
parrying works is you wait so that that
that moment right before an enemy starts
to strike and then you shoot them that
stuns the enemy and then you can do that
ultra powerful melee attack not only are
you do you have the ability to do you
know short switch to long which attacks
long long short right is when you dodge
if you press the attack button
immediately after you dodge roll you
then sprint forward to do an attack
immediately which I can say plane safe
don't die and you play with these things
you you oh it's so much fun because like
it's basically a dash attack you get a
dash attack that can go into combos that
can go into dashing away if you have
enough stamina and it's all of these
things that you just learned because you
don't want to die so much there's no
there's no section of the game you know
where a little zombie man says let's
teach you how to fight in case you've
forgotten I would appreciate some kind
of tutorial at the beginning of the game
because as you pointed out I didn't even
know you could roll
directly into like a stabbing attack no
idea and I don't know that I would have
found that out on my own ever I don't I
don't I don't necessarily want a game to
handhold me it doesn't need to tell me
to press X to swing my sword all game
long but if you want to put a section
near the beginning of your game or even
like games used to do a separate
tutorial you could use and never have to
touch again I'm fine with that just to
teach me the basics but but that's the
that's the brilliant thing about a game
that is this obtuse is the player gets
to dictate the pace for me I want it you
know like I like it when my character
does all sorts of cool flips and shin
and so to me I was just pressing buttons
because I'm a button presser you know
like I am that kind of rkt click click
click and so I just found the combo
system because that's the kind of gamer
I am whereas you are more cautious and
we have gotten equally as far with two
completely different play styles and
isn't that amazing
so yeah but I mean I I like knowing what
I can do and cannot do so that I can
make informed tactical decisions I don't
want to I don't want to learn that
there's a combo system by accident tell
me that there's the thing in there and
then I'll play around with it there also
is this thing called the internet rich
where do you remember when remember when
video games used to come with manuals
this game has a manual that you can look
through not only does it have a manual
I'm sure it has online instructional
videos there are let's play videos there
are many people if your Internet's done
talking about this game what if you
gotta read your Internet's not down
that's a mood what am i Internet's down
it's not one of my internet stuff what
if I want to play what if I wanna play
blood-borne and the Internet's down and
I can't I can't access any kind of
manual or help so then here's the thing
I didn't read the manual I did not watch
any Let's Plays I figured it out and you
figured it out too you just figured it
out differently but I didn't figure out
everything I could do in the game which
is things I probably would have liked to
have known here there there's a mantra
that I have with blood ball
you are in control and it's all your
fault
this this is the thing that makes a
video game so different from any other
form of entertainment where we can have
these drastically different experiences
with the same set of hardware with the
same set of software but because I
wanted to play different I found it
because you wanted to play different you
found that and that's what makes games
like this so special don't you see isn't
that great
I'm not saying I don't like the game
Jack I'm just saying it could it could
use a little bit of explaining on what
things do and what you can do No then it
wouldn't be as fun then then you're that
you're that weirdo who likes in the
roguelike games when you get the new
item and it doesn't tell you what it
does at all I do all these things I
don't know what any of them do I'm just
gonna grab things and I'm like I want to
know what I should grab why do I want
this over there why do you want the game
to tell you how to play you play how you
want to play but you if you're just
doing things without informed knowledge
you're just doing random things what
better way to gain knowledge than to do
something or read into the manual that
tells you what does what so I can make
an informed choice I know no you got it
backwards man I'm like an adult to just
try and do constructive things and
you're just like a kid who's playing in
the mud you're like
smearing dirt your face and your smiley
get this big smile on your face okay
okay so that's why I was confused
to me this is this is what separates the
games from the games you know it's it's
all there for you and this is by the way
like in in older video games this is how
it happened it wasn't all manuals it was
you talking with your friends about it
it was you like chatting about it and oh
there's a combo system oh I didn't know
about that you can get a music box from
a little girl in a window I didn't know
about that this is what makes a game fun
is like engaging with other people and
having these conversations and trying
new things not because the game told you
to rich because you want to explore what
maybe if I just stand still I hit X a
thousand times something amazing will
happen should I do that
should I do that does that work a
thousand times why are you why don't you
go and do that you've once you go play
in the mud and hit the X 1,000 times
well then make sure you hit square three
times afterwards in the circle well that
would be something great will happen
that would be but they don't let you
know that ahead of time you just figure
that out
look great jack yeah I feel great I
punched him punched um does that count
blood-borne does an amazing job of
teaching without tutorials I feel okay
it doesn't tell you what the stats do it
doesn't tell you how to level up it
doesn't tell you what the weapons do it
doesn't tell you how to fix the weapons
it doesn't tell you how to level up the
weapons it doesn't tell you what the
gems do it tells you nothing yes and I
love it why do you love it because then
I get to figure it out if I bought like
a new desk and it didn't come with an
instruction book that told me how to
build it
I'd be pissed you're comparing playing
video games to building a desk building
a desk is very enjoyable Jack I like the
game I don't like some of the obtuseness
this kind of hands-off approach is not
appropriate for every game in something
like this that's action orientated and
has an air of mystique about it I feel
like it's thematically appropriate maybe
maybe in a lighter action game but
there's so many stats and building those
stats the right way is is so important
is it doesn't encourage experimenting it
encourages specialization but no matter
where you put your points you're still
making it through the game
a lot of modern generation gamers will
be scared of this game you know why no
map so you know what else this game
doesn't have objectives I mean you're
you're not looking for the next thing
you're supposed to do you're just
finding things that you can do you're
not looking for like the magical sacred
chalice you just stumble into this
gigantic boss who's in this room you
just happen to walk into and then you
fight him and you get this chalice and
you find out oh I can use that at the
hunters you know you weren't the game
didn't tell you that was what you had to
do next you just found it and did it
that's the kind of obtuseness that I
like not not basic control obtuseness or
stat obtuseness that that kind of
objective that that's that's real
exploration and figuring things out
that's what game exploration and
obtuseness should be a teachable moment
in game design is the game tells you
very early on that guys jump out from
behind corners some of your first enemy
encounters are guys jumping on from
around corners also guys popping up who
you think are already dead
which as a gamer makes you slow down
every time you go into a new area you
are conditioned to scan the area for
enemies right and what does that do it
makes you take in the world whereas
other games would cheap out and give you
a cutscene to you know give you the the
grand vistas here you want to look
around every corner so a monster doesn't
rip out your feet the game makes you
look at the world without stopping the
game everything happens in the game
one of the first monsters you've run
across when you're you're at your
absolute weakest is this giant fucking
fat thing with a goddamned 20 foot long
axe the blade of the axe is larger than
you are and and
he will kick your ass yes turn to beat
it and I loaded up on the the Molotov
cocktails and I was let's keep my
distance and I was lobbing lobbing fire
at it and eventually I just barely beat
it and I finally all gone I'm gonna find
out what's around that corner
nothing is around that corner that giant
ultra powerful monster is just there to
teach you that you don't have to fight
everything in the game you can just take
the other path that's great
it teaches blood-borne teaches you
without tutorials that's it rich like
literally I was expecting a treasure
I wanted a treasure chest I think
obviously after this I'm gonna get some
kind of magic axe that's what I'm gonna
get home I got a face full of dirt
this is the best of this console
generation right now yeah absolutely
without a doubt this is some of the most
intense fun I've had playing a game in
recent memory ah there's a wedgie
picking button no they like that but
there and there are little things there
are a bunch of little gripes that we can
make yeah like for example something we
found almost right away is the ragdoll
physics after you kill an enemy I'm
gonna come comical its cartoonish and in
in a lesser game it would be completely
world breaking
and there are glitches like enemies fall
through the floor enemies can hit you
through objects I know something that a
lot of people complain about something
that I heard before playing the game is
how awful the loading times were and I'm
going to say this maybe this is
rose-colored glasses but I think they're
completely acceptable No
you
now I've talked about like consequences
to death in games and like as much as I
like guacamelee no consequences I booth
you're right your your your foot away
from where you died and you just go
right along like nothing happened and
this is a it's the opposite it's the
opposite you you die in this game and
you respawn like a mile further back
than where you were you have to refight
all of the enemies and then try and make
it to the boss again and I think adding
on that loading screen is just a step
too far goddamn it that's a little bit
too much consequences that every time I
die the game tells me I have to take a
timeout for 45 seconds it is it's an
extra kick in the balls it's good it
definitely is but it makes sense to me
for how big the world is and for how
long you could play without dying the
potential versus the actual way to me it
gets frustrating loading screen
frustrated me I think that's a fair
criticism
overall difficulty wise if ten people
would have asked me every hour for my
first 10 hours of the game what I
thought of it they would have gotten
drastically different answers here's
those if here's the bell curve of the
game I had a similar experience it's
like you start off the game oh this is
all neat oh this looks neat oh this is
good oh I like this I was didn't really
hard I was a good difficult oh I can't
beat that boss oh I've been spending all
day trying to get that bus oh I got past
that boss oh this is great
I'll look at that expiration oh this is
amazing oh this is fun the difficulty
curve ramps up nicely where you always I
don't even know if it rants up it's just
always at 10 the difficulty curve is
always at 10 and so every level feels
important getting to that next Lantern
is the most important thing you know
those game breaks of effort amazing
amount of effort and detail has gone
into this game it's great it's almost as
if they care about the thing that
they're making a great deal yes and it
shows this I want to say this game knows
exactly how good it is it's a good game
you should buy blood-borne you you
actually should buy it to support them
and so they will make more games like
blood-borne and and less games like the
order 1886 because we're both gushing of
course we both recommend the game we're
not we don't even get into that as of
right now as of time of this review
blood-borne is a ps4 exclusive is this a
console seller it should be