Episode 017
Shovel Knight
May 11, 2015
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-shovel-knight/
________________________________________________

you
hi rich hi jack how are you doing this
fine day ah
shovel Knight is a Nintendo
Entertainment System game that has
recently been released on the
PlayStation 4 and it's the Nintendo
Entertainment System game even though it
was never released on the Nintendo
Entertainment System it's it's a
platformer it's a action platformer and
I describe it as ducktales the game by
way of mega man with a Mario 3 map
shovel knight is currently available for
PCs PlayStation 4 PlayStation Vita
Nintendo Wii U Nintendo 3ds and soon to
be available on the Xbox one it's on
everything except for the Ness which is
kind of ironic when you think about it
pixel arts the thing that people like to
either love or or bitterly complain
about and this goes one step beyond
pixel art into straight out this is just
like we're gonna make this is just an
old game the first time I played this
game was on the PC using an NES USB pad
really so you want you went all-in and
it felt great I think the only two
things we can talk about with this game
are gameplay and art mm-hmm so because I
mean so simple right it's it's an it's
an nes platformer so let's talk about
the gameplay
he's a shovel knight and the game
because he's a knife that uses a shovel
not a sword and for some reason that
lets him Pogo up and down on enemies
heads with with the shovel yeah that's
good fun as a fun mechanic it's very fun
and then that mechanic also lends itself
to the platforming of the game where you
have to traverse large areas just Pogo
jumping in fact like I use the pogo jump
as an attack 90% of the time I rarely
just poke someone with my shovel I
always jump on it's much more dangerous
trying to poke somebody with a shovel
you try and do that cuz it's this
relatively slow move and you're you
probably get a good attack by the boss
before you before you get that hit in
whereas if you're you're jumping you're
on the
go jump it's a lot easier just to land a
hit and more fun it is it's very it's
very true and and then there's a Mega
Man thing where the big focus of the
game is beating the bosses right the
order of no quarter
I fucking love their name yeah and much
like Megaman every bosses level has its
own unique theme to it play ignite and
he's like the chemical guy and there's
Spectre night ever there's ghosts in his
level yeah but they're all kind of
vaguely Knight themed yeah it's like
instead of fighting the the seven evil
robots the dr. wily bill you're fighting
the seven evil Knights that The
Enchantress gathered together yeah
and it's adorable dear lady oh and it's
a dear lady Oh
groan every time you die you drop bags
of gold and then you have the option to
try to pick them up again in that very
dangerous area which is always fun and
you use that gold to buy upgrades for
your shovel or new armor or upgrades to
your health or upgrades to your magic
meter various things various things that
would I mean it seems like they love
Mega Man
I mean he's fucking blue for Christ's
sakes he's a little blue guy that fights
the six evil themed enemies yeah and
gains power-ups on the way I'm just I'm
just speculating but the map is more
than a little Mario 3 inspired more than
a little well I I do love the optional
boss battles that pop up super funny
little guys walking around in the world
yeah kind of Tainan it's the best way
boss fight you didn't know about it's
the hammer brothers is what it is and
they do they do the same thing where
they kind of randomize their positions
between each stage and you can choose to
fight him or not for this review
specifically we both played the
PlayStation version yeah I played it on
both the ps4 and the Vita and you played
it on the ps4 but the PlayStation
version does feature a unique Kratos
battle which I I couldn't
find it I tried to find it I couldn't
find it pretty-pretty Sookie it's it's a
little hard to find him but once you do
it's a really fun boss battle you get a
little reward that I don't necessarily
think it's worth it but the Kratos
battle is really cool
much like Zelda - there are little towns
yeah you talk to little people in towns
and they give you kind of backstory of
the game they they give you hints
there's little secret areas it's
everything you've ever played in any NES
game see what what what I'm trying to
wrap my head around this game is though
is the whole nostalgia factor sure
because it's it's it's obvious that this
game is meant for it is it's intended
just to be a NES glove letter yes
there's there's references to Mario 3
there's the Zelda 2 towns there's Mega
Man influences there's the ducktales hop
the question I'll pose to you is like
what is the difference between a clone
and an omage right the answer is time
Ronnie
the answer is intent a clone is trying
to cash in on the success of something
else they're gonna say me too I'm gonna
make something just like that I'm gonna
make just as much money as they did
right and omage is I really love that
thing and I want to make something like
it because I loved it so much and and
nest games aren't exactly the most
marketable thing right now they haven't
made one in 30 years
so obviously this was made with with
love yeah for the Nintendo Entertainment
System when you bring up things like
nostalgia the question that came to my
mind was if this came out in the heyday
of the NES if this came out competing
with Mario 3 would it be remembered
maybe not I'm gonna say I think of would
you think yeah cuz it takes everything
that was great about those great games
and it uses them oh sure but I think at
the time it would have been considered a
clone like it would have just been
considered another platformer in a
different setting think about all of the
platformers we had back this is true
I'm wondering how I would feel about
this game as it came out today if you
could suck the nostalgia out of it like
if you could if you could remove the
pixel art and the nests of it and if you
replace that with like modern-day
pre-rendered 3ds rights sure
would this be as enjoyable does this
game need nostalgia to be good I think
that's a great question is like what if
you take the nostalgia away from this
game is it still a good game so what I
did is I got children to play it mmm
I gathered a group of kids all 10 and
under and just had him play shovel
knight and asked him about it while they
were playing it and overwhelmingly they
loved it they loved the fact that you're
a knight with a shovel they loved all
the bosses like days later they were
drawing pictures of them and like making
little LEGO sets with it with these guys
the gameplay which is a little too hard
for some of the younger ones
specifically my 7 year old I had a
difficult time with with some of the
later stages as somebody who grew up on
the nest I think I could handle Chell
tonight at 7 I can handle punch-out at 7
I can handle shovel knight and so it's a
different time and the thing that struck
me most is like I've played games I play
platformers with them before like I
played Rayman Origins and I've played
like the new Super Mario Brothers right
and those games have a very unique
child-friendly mechanic where at any
point if you're playing two-player the
child can go in a little bubble and pass
over anything that is too difficult for
them and you as the adult who know how
to play can keep moving a level and but
so the kid can feel safe yeah yeah
shovel knight doesn't do that shovel
knight is an old-school hard game so
there were these parts where he got
really frustrated like especially
figuring out how to Pogo hop that was
very difficult for him to understand
but eventually he made it through the
first stage of shovelknight and the look
of achievement on his face is something
that like every gamer knows and like as
a gamer dad is just like yeah now you
understand why we play games
down a boom um guys really easy he
talked about it all night like dia
like for him beating the black nights
and making it through that level all by
himself was huge and that reflected in
how he feels about the game like he
never talked about the Mario game he
never talked about Rain Man
the same way he talks about shovel
knight Jack before before he was able to
beat the first stage and shovel knight
on his own before that yeah how did it
feel to have no respect for your child
out of that how did that feel to watch
him float by in that bubble and just
have nothing but shame in your heart
it's tough raising a noob do you like my
kids a noobs support group Mike my kid
got rekt my anonymous Mike my kid got
pwned
we started we started playing some Mario
Brothers and he went left
Adobe real so nostalgia kind of rolled
what one well for us as older gamers we
see the nostalgia yeah and that is like
icing on the gaming cake but for someone
who's fresh to it they don't care about
pixel art they don't care that the
soundtrack is compatible with original
NES units they don't care that this is
referencing a Mario 3 thing all they see
is the game and the game is solid it's
hard for me to put myself in a
modern-day kid's place playing this
though because when I was young the nest
was state-of-the-art that was as good as
your game could look back that you know
I'm today I'm assuming a kid can go from
playing Ori in the magic forest which
you know looks a lot sharper look on
shovel knight a little bit and then they
go to shovel knight yeah so I mean that
that's not something I can relate to so
when we were kids we never
saw the pixels we saw Mario we saw
Megaman that's all that mattered and I
think modern kids are seeing the exact
same thing they don't see shovelknight
as a tiny pixel man they see a knight
with a shovel and that's all that
matters
Oh guys what you jump on his head oh
this is totally duck tail oh my god this
is great
this is great yeah
shovel legs I can't I can't get my head
out of the Nostalgia to figure out if
the game itself is really exceptionally
good or or if when I'm playing it if
it's just those warm fuzzy feelings find
Mega Man when I was a kid and if it is
does it matter yeah Alta mately that's
that's where I end up at the end of the
day it doesn't matter I I enjoyed the
game and I don't know if it's because
it's a good game or because it's because
of the nostalgia factor or because of a
mixture of both it's probably a mixture
of both however you slice it I did enjoy
the game ok the question is whether or
not you need to be an old man who grew
up with an s to fully enjoy it I don't
know the answer to that because I am an
old man who grew up with a mess and
there is no control group with the five
kids that I played the game with they
enjoyed it and they have never played an
nes game they they have they're not old
enough to be nostalgic for anything
so for breastmilk I guess I can divorce
myself a little bit from from the
nostalgia and I find the game to be fun
it's light you know it's a nice light
challenge as a grown-ass man but it's
fun oh man
it's funny it's cute it's adorable it is
I think that kind of ended up being my
recommendation yeah I wasn't really wrap
this up yeah
stick
discussions