Episode 018
Redacted Nintendo Game
May 20, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3w8ZNYoFEQ
___________________________________________

you
Jagr pirates hijack today we're gonna
talk about the new Nintendo game is the
the latest platforming game in the
series and wow it's it's just it's
pretty damn good
this is another Nintendo game in line
with rehashing old franchises a lot of
the same characters but but Jack this is
kind of kind of novel for a Nintendo and
in this series you've never seen like
crossovers before but in this game you
also get you get shows up who would've
thought that would happen you even
though it's it's a rehash of their old
formula it feels fresh everything about
it feels new and and that's kind of
Nintendo's power but you call it a
rehash right but don't you think it
completely changes the game once once
they edit and you know and and and the
that fucking alright do you remember do
you member when when you walk into the
and then and then once you walk through
the main doors and then jumps out at you
and and it chases you around but then
you use the and by using you got this it
just feels so satisfying when you do
that I mean that just it's the most
inventive gameplay mechanic like like
since the jump since the double jump
this is Nintendo returning to form
Taking Chances on their established
franchises um I'm gonna go out and say
it right now okay is the Empire Strikes
Back of this series I want to say that
this is a console seller everyone should
go out and buy a because of
yes so so for all the positive things I
had to say about this game I think I
think the most shocking thing is I have
not seen much of this game online like
like you go through the the YouTube
channels and nobody is talking about
this game why aren't they talking about
this game that might have something to
do with Nintendo's new content ID policy
Nintendo for a long time has has
actually shut down monetization of game
reviews for Nintendo franchise games and
now they've started up a program where
you have to become a Nintendo partner
along with a YouTube partner and split
ad revenues three ways in order just to
cover Nintendo games really they do that
that seems stupid I mean they're just
throwing away free advertising or did we
sign up to be a partner oh no no we did