Episode 021
Batman: Arkham Knight
July 17, 2015
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-batman-arkham-knight/
_______________________________________________________

hi rich hi jack hi rich what's up hi
rich
that's three highs just I'm here once
you said to high three times I don't
understand why did you say high three
times because this is the third
Rocksteady Batman game not even a little
bit oh this is coincidence Oh
Batman Arkham Knight is a bit of a
brawler it's a bit of a stealth game and
it's a bit of a tank car combat driving
game and it's currently available for
the PlayStation 4 Xbox one and on Steam
oh look at her if you bought the game on
Steam as I did Oh
tell us about that uh well it's just a
it's a fucking bus
it ran fine on my computer for five
minutes at a time and then even though
I'm above I'm comfortably above the
recommended specs it would crash due to
low memory oh yeah we were actually we
were hoping to get a cut like a
different experience like oh I'll play
the ps4 version you play the PC version
see if there's any noticeable
differences and the biggest noticeable
difference was that yours was broken I
got a very different experience so we
ended up both playing the PlayStation 4
version yeah it's like it's like the PC
version they took out like the ring
textures like Batman can't get wet in
the PC version of the game not a problem
by the way for the PlayStation 4 version
because it rains every where do I come
in the Batcave start messing with all
your stuff you've managed to reduce the
compound to its core elements but
there's nothing in there that we can't
race thankfully there's steam refunds
which is probably the only reason they
stopped selling the game at this point I
know there are probably a ton of refunds
I am one of the people who got a refund
so yay for me
ah oh yeah very funny you've got a shit
product so steam valve great policy
great policy because this is this is
exactly what that policies there for
when somebody does a blatantly cynical
shit job on a game and speaking of a
company doing a cynical thing with their
games
let's talk about the DLC ooh
sick burn let's talk about how this game
is going to be sold to us piecemeal over
the next eight months because there is a
what is it a $40 season pass yeah that's
a second fucking game and you know what
it's going to be it's gonna be two skin
packs it's going to be another of
45-minute long story section and then
you know what else they're going to
charge for the challenge maps that were
free and available in all of the
previous games this is this is where it
becomes the most blatant where this is
something that was part of past games
the the challenge is the combat
challenges right because they don't they
don't strip content out in this modern
age of gaming Oh No Deal sees all above
the board it's fine it's a fine Ithaca
thing because even though Arkham Arkham
Asylum had challenged maps and combat
challenges in Petra challenging with
Arkham City and the challenges a Dark
Knight just doesn't it's not part of
this game but you know we'll do it as an
extra thing yours for only $15 later or
$40 for the season pass it's coming I'm
sure it's coming fuck them fuck you also
a big fuck you um I I wanted to get the
I wanted to get the pre-order
PlayStation 4 version because if you got
the PlayStation 4 version you got the
Red Hood story pack he's basically like
if the Batman was the Punisher for
anyone who doesn't know who the Red Hood
is we beat it in 10 minutes 15 minutes
and it was free it was free DLC but but
it was 10 minutes of content quit can we
talk about the Harley Quinn story pack
shit Bam's okay I'll think shibam I did
like like the voiceover narration was in
her internal monologue Harley's sane
side would start to speak up Harleen
would say just not just just go back to
the asylum Harley you don't you don't
have to do this shit AB and that was fun
but they spent so much time on her
facial animations oh my God look at her
dead face look at that they spent so
much time they spent so much time at her
tits they forgot she's got a good face
but now look at her move the the
glistening the lighting effects on her
tits right and immaculate yet they can't
get her face to move beyond her mouth
come on you don't you know what the
worst part of this is they got all these
characters now they got a playable
Harley Quinn they have a playable Red
Hood in in the actual story we know
there's a playable Catwoman briefly a
playable Robin briefly and a playable
Nightwing briefly yep you can't free
roam with any of them other than that
yep good okay we give these characters
for two minutes the fun characters I
like these characters two minutes you
know be great what if there were
challenge maps you could use these
characters in oh my god
yeah if she's moved on to leaf
Underpants tell me why the jacket hmm
and what if I think it let me I like the
look of it the walk your your leaf lady
who can grow leaf Underpants go full
leaf on my pants yes she's Fonda she's
fast she's Fonda the jacket yeah even
it couldn't be cotton though right that
together we could take yeah so I guess I
guess we should get into the the meat
and potatoes the core gameplay elements
of game the fist elbows and knees of
batman arkham knight silent city there's
there's three games there's the the the
combat brawler aspect there's the
predator stealth sections and then now
there is tank combat cuz I think Batman
I think it tanks let's let's go to what
we know it's got a lot more familiar
with very familiar with is the the
Arkham combat fighting fighting bad guys
yeah and I think people like to call it
a brawler but I'm not sure if it's if
it's a brawler or a rhythm game like
when I think of when I think of a
brawler I think of like a ninja gaiden
or or if you're slightly more casual a
god of war and they're very very combo
heavy xxx why does the uppercut and
there's a whole bunch of different moves
and you have to know when master the
moves and what works most effectively
sure you're in full control over the
movements you're making at any given
time Batman doesn't really have that
there aren't really any combos I mean
once you once you once you go back to
like like especially the first game it's
really just like a two button system yes
it has like the basics of it are hit and
counter right and it feels more like two
Finger Death Punch to me would you agree
with my two finger death punch I think
that's a fair simple oversimplification
yeah it is an oversimplification yes you
but you're mostly right all you're
hitting is either punch or block in time
because the rhythm is important because
if you fuck up the rhythm then you're
throwing a strike and while you're in
the strike animation some guys going to
hit you so it's very important to hit
hit
counter yeah hit yeah you actually have
to watch the animation I I could not
wrap my head around the combat system
for the longest time so I was button
mashing my way through and that only
gets you so far
it took me it took me a very long time
to wrap my head around their combat
system but once you get it it's
beautiful and it really it's the best
system that I've found so far to make
you feel like Batman yeah and that's why
these simple system works though because
I think the goal in a Batman game is
just to make you feel like a badass and
it really does when you when you build
up your combo meter and Batman is flying
all over the place and they start adding
to the combat you know you can pick up
items and throw you have to do special
counters if someone has a gun or is
charging at you you have to use your bat
tools it becomes a cavalcade of badass
are you sure it's fun
now the combat these games has always
been fun here's the problem there's not
that much of it this time hmm
before the earlier games it was like
split you had the combat sections and
you had the stealth sections now there's
the the combat sections and the stealth
sections and the tank sections did you
ever find yourself just trying to find
rioters in the street yeah I did I
started doing that near the end of the
game I like a fuck this I'm just gonna
find right I just wanna I just want to
fight dudes and so you you just find
people rioting in the street and plop
down and start fighting dudes because
that's the fun of the game yep but you
don't get as much variety in those
sessions of the rioters usually don't
have the fancy or equipment there have
the stun guns or inning so now we that's
fun look at that look at how much fun
that is we
Batman is also a ninja oh my god where
do you go where I go I'm right here
still uh and so you have the predator
sections who did you do Usami but I am
bad man all right I don't have as much
experience with the Arkham games but
these predator sections I don't know if
I was getting really good or if they
have dumbed down them down well they've
totally done it down if they've dubbed
it down overall I I think they were
going for making these stealth sections
quicker and easier over having them be
challenging and satisfying because I
never got satisfaction out of any of the
stealth sections one thing that I really
loved about the stealth section and I
don't know if this was in any of the
other games but you get this disrupter
gun which means you can sabotage the
enemy before the fight begins and I
thought that was very Batman you know
Batman doesn't care about playing fair
he just wants to win the battle here's
I'm gonna I'm gonna go through because I
like I have like a list of things I'm
just going to go through everything I
didn't like okay the environments the
environments don't make any sense at all
that's one thing but there are also very
large environments and the enemies are
very spread out so it's extremely easy
to find isolated henchmen to take them
out and either go in the grates and you
could take every single bad guy down
from the grates even though they were
checking the grades because the grates
are insane now in this game it seems
like 90% of the floor is free roaming
grates where you can you can just walk
to the other end of the map under
everybody just you dip right away so no
problem getting around at all there's
less variety in the way you take people
down now it's all silent take down
silent take down silent take down silent
take down because they got rid of the
heart monitors know in the other games
it was like an alarm once you took
somebody out they usually had some kind
of heart monitor collar on and once you
took them out it would start beeping and
then all the enemies would know to run
there
to check on that guy they don't do that
anymore you could silently take out
everybody on a map nobody will be
alerted kind of maybe more realistic but
not as not as challenging or not as fun
yeah I agree the the stealth sections
seemed a little light they're nerfed
they're easy mode they're baby mode the
baby wants to play basically everything
that was fun in the combat challenges of
the other games has been replaced with
the fear take down everything everything
that was challenging and fun was
replaced with the it's basically the
easy button if you are hiding and you
sneak up on a group of guys you can take
down up to five guys by pressing a
button that's that's not a stealth
mechanic Jack that's a that's an I don't
feel like playing this bunny yes no
maybe it's not fair to tell somebody
what I think they should have done but I
couldn't help but thinking with you know
this game being about the Scarecrow and
in fear and what you're afraid of being
a big part of this game why wasn't the
fear take down something you had to earn
by scaring the thugs like like like if
you did the riskier takedowns that made
more noise and the more variety of
takedowns and the more violent you were
this more terrified the enemies would
get then their tactics would break down
and when they're scared enough then the
fear takedown becomes an option and it's
like a reward at that point it's
something you have earned now it's just
something you start with you start a
self map you see a self map you look at
a larger group of people and just do the
fear multi takedown take as many of them
down as you can and then you just easily
quiet take down the rest by jumping in
and out of the floor grades I hate it
like that's the whole thing about Batman
is he's smoking mirrors right and I
remember that was one of the big
promises of the first Arkham Asylum game
is you get to do that and you could you
could drive you could drive the bad guys
insane you know they'd start shooting
randomly if you like threw a Batarang
and made noise and they found a guy
collapse they'd get really scared
did you see anybody do that once in this
game that is about fear
no no they don't shoot at shadows
anymore she don't even get the
satisfaction cuz it was satisfying when
you drove an enemy to the point where he
was just jumping around and shooting at
shadows that made you feel good that
made you feel like Batman oh yeah yeah
no I hear you that there's a dead body
but right now I need to play a VR video
game to learn how my tank works oh I'll
look at your dead body later okay I need
to go check out this hologram video game
now speaking of murdering people could
we talk about the tank section it's the
king
oh my person I just murdered you just
murder might have been true they might
have an innocent Fraulein oh you're
going way too fast to see anybody's face
but there's an electric around them so
you know they just got stunned they got
hit by a car that was driving 300 mile
miles an hour but it's okay because
somehow the electric field just knocked
them out before the car smashed into
them really Bruce Wayne needs to patent
this magical electricity as some sort of
health safety device for driving
I've made a handy flow chart in case you
want to get in a tank battle in Arkham
Knight are you in a red line if the
answer is yes move out of the red line
then shoot a tank if the answer is no
then shoot a tank repeat this is resume
I don't I did they tried to vary it up
later with like stealth tank combat and
no I'm not making that up you know what
that was at least entertaining that was
different and it was entertaining and I
was thinking more than I was other than
red lion dodge sure cuz there is it
there was a thing where you can distract
the other tanks by shooting and they'll
go to investigate were you shot and you
can get behind them that way still there
was something to it something now you
hated a lot more than I did I really
hate it my biggest problem with it
before I let you go on the rant is that
when you think of Batman what do you
think of uh he's a detective
he's a ninja he's a solve crime you know
is he a tank warrior not a tank warrior
how many times has the Batmobile been
used to shoot at things like the
Batmobile is primary function of my mind
is it gets bad and from point A to B it
gets him across town that's what the
Batmobile does 99.9 percent of the time
the Batmobile for Batman is just his
transportation it means he doesn't have
to grapple hook across the city which by
the way I did I didn't take the tank
anywhere unless I specifically had to I
glided and grapple hooked everywhere
because that was the more enjoyable way
to get around I thought that the
Batmobile handled like ass it was both
sluggish and slippery that's how I will
describe how the Batmobile drives I
think it handled okay I just I just
preferred gliding gliding was great and
then you know like you upgrade your
grapple boost and you just rock it off
it's great but they seem to shoehorn in
all of these different car and tank
thing they had these Riddler sections
and when I think of the Riddler I think
he is the master of mind games the the
Prince of puzzles
he's the intellectual one right now he
builds race courses yes it is a
grotesque
ego movie our night thank you thank you
nygma then like later in the game you
fight Deathstroke and people might not
know who Deathstroke is I don't know if
he's a big character in the Batman
universe he's the guy with the orange
and black half mask
he has enhanced reflexes he has a super
tactical quick mind he he thinks faster
than anybody else somehow and he has
like health regeneration abilities and
he's a highly trained Special Forces
soldier he's like Wolverine and Batman
is basically Deathstroke right and so
Deathstroke comes in later and it's and
he takes over the militia at one point
and you have to take down all of his
little bases so you can face Deathstroke
I was so fucking pumped for this you
know like using all my Batman judo
karate skills and it's a tank battle
sixty degree field event will be
impossible to catch
I can't rightfully describe how
disappointed I was with that because I
like that stroke as a character because
I mean he's just a badass that's all he
is
he's the Punisher and Wolverine and
Batman all rolled into a a mercenary
he's a great match for Batman because he
is a physical and mental equal yes if
not better yes more experienced more
experienced Batman with healing powers
yes
and so bat he's an actual challenge for
Batman and he if you fight him in a tank
no physical combat with Deathstroke
whatsoever that sucks that sucks you
know the Arkham Knight was really stupid
for someone who knew Batman so well all
you had to do was to take those tanks
and the tanks are all conveniently
drones you just put people in those
tanks you make those man tanks Batman is
fucked he wouldn't be able to kill the
tanks yeah um I uh I got uh I got um
city's yours Arkham Knight you won I
can't do anything you know what keep the
drones and take all of those people who
are rioting and just duct tape them to
the front of town yeah you're not even
sacrificing your own men name then
Batman can't shoot your tanks rich you
just figured it out you're Batman's
greatest nemesis they didn't use the
tank before we get off the tank
completely I do love the ACE chemical
section with the tank we had to do a lot
of things puzzle wise concurrent with
the tank like you had to figure out how
to get the tank in them once the tank
was in you had to use the tank to figure
out how to to winch out the gas so you
could get through with a gas was there's
one thing you know you had to use it to
power the elevator you know like you
would lift up and down the elevator that
was neat that was some fine use of
tanker but I mean great if the tank were
just there for that section of the game
and it was a special thing or if that's
what you used it for all the time like
it was just like a puzzle element having
the tank be a tool in your utility belt
instead of a linchpin of gameplay would
have been nice but this is the first
thing I think but I think a Batman is
tank coming
that forever remember that old issue of
Detective Comics that's where the great
ghost got run over by Batman's fucking
tank
I like Batman I'm not I'm not the
world's biggest Batman fan I don't even
read Batman comics that often but I like
the idea of Batman of someone who has
all the skill you know he has come food
he could murder everyone but he has a
code right the no kill people code so he
has to use his mind he has to be a
detective that's where that's where it
started Detective Comics right yeah
that's where Batman got his start and
you mix that with blowing shit up in a
tank and the world starts to crumble
that's why I I 100 percentage all of the
other side missions only because the
side missions usually didn't involve the
tank eventually I would run out of like
penguin missions or two-face missions
and I would need to further the story
just to do more side missions and all
right I'll get in the tank there were
some neat side missions but they got
they got a little bit repetitive neat
the first time repetitive the second
like the man-bat shows up yeah and he
flies around you have to you have to
actually you know grapple up to get to
him so you can land on him and then you
do it again and then you do it one more
time and then Firefly shows up and and
and fireflies got his jetpack he's
flying around the city burning things
and chasten would think but you can you
can actually propel yourself out of the
tank and jump on his back and disable
them and then you'd do that for more
times but there meet their needs story
missions I am in love with the side
mission somatically all of the side
missions make it really feel like the
city is falling apart but also how you
discover the side missions is totally
Batman because for for almost all of
them you just have to stumble across
them like for the two-face robbing the
banks you just have to listen for a bank
alarm and then you can go in and do the
two-face mission for the man-bat you
just have to find them flying around
there's like bodies hung up dead bodies
that you need to investigate and you
just need to listen for opera music and
notice a body and so
the way you discover all the side
missions is exactly how Batman would
just on patrol just going around the
city figuring shit out and I loved it I
would just glide around the city and
hope I stumbled across something it was
really really exciting it really made me
feel like Batman more than any of the
main story did man that was fun I just
shot him on with my tank anybody watch
this probably sounds like I hate the
game I'm sure it sounds that way
I do I do coming across a little
negative here's here's the weird thing
about this game and here is the magic of
Rocksteady in my opinion um I hated what
they did with the stone the tank
sections were blah and as much as just
just based on gameplay alone I'm kind of
a part part they didn't need to add this
part I'm sick of it almost it works
because they're so good at storytelling
and and this is a case of a story
actually pulling me through a game that
I otherwise would think was kind of mad
they understand the Batman character and
what makes him tick and and this Batman
right alongside the animated series
Batman my two absolute favorite takes on
the character I enjoyed a lot of the
story which is come is crazy coming for
me because I'm usually not a story
person in the game but I I did enjoyed a
lot of story they had a lot they had a
lot of mischaracterization and they had
a couple twists that we're shockingly
poorly handled but see here's the thing
when I say their storytelling is good I
mean their storytelling more so than the
story itself they know the details and
they make those details work like right
on the nose no
the main villain is is scarecrow and
he's a more sinister scarecrow than
we've ever seen before what they needed
they needed an epic bad guy because they
killed the Joker off but that's not like
that that wasn't even scarecrow in the
other games you know like in the
universe of Batman scarecrow is not this
guy who else is that guy right
that's the koi no well who else is that
guy that can be the arch-nemesis why not
make the Arkham Knight a bigger
character you know why not make
scarecrow the henchman and Arkham Knight
the linchpin would you be satisfied with
a completely new villain
yeah yeah well why wouldn't I be like
you give me because that would have
amplified the mystery of Arkham Knight
it would have made the story make a lot
more sense whereas right now you figure
out who the arkham knight is and then
you just kind of forget about him until
he shows up randomly at the end make
arkham knight the bad guy make arkham
knight not jason todd and make you
scarecrow the sub-boss and you're good
to go well first first things first like
I said I guess we can go right into
Jason Todd fine we'll go right into
Jason will talk about Joker later we'll
talk about jover later yeah quick
backstory Jason Todd the second Robin
was killed by the Joker now he has come
back to life as the Red Hood a version
of Batman who's also The Punisher he
sees that man who kills people yeah
that's the quick back serve Jason Todd
so everyone was expecting that this be
Jason Todd but of course Jason Todd
already exists in this universe as the
Red Hood in fact he has his own DLC as
the Red Hood in this game I think I
think they're trying to say that takes
place afterwards I guess he ditches the
robot suit and wears a hoodie
straight-up story so let's it let's
assume this is the prequel to the the
Red Hood
as a storyteller when you have a mystery
you should be tossing out red herrings
they didn't they didn't give us any
clues to who it was I I had originally
thought that it might be Talia al Ghul
you you thought they were gonna go
full-on Dark Knight Rises I thought
they're gonna go full-on Dark Knight
Rises and it you know because also like
you know it was a masculine person and
so then like the big twist is it's Talia
you would never expect that right but
then we hit a point in the story in
which the Joker is messing with Batman's
mind and is showing you the horrific
torture of Jason Todd
oh it's chasing Todd oh it totally is of
course you can choke her reprogram Jason
Todd to hate back get that bets it's not
yours anymore he's mine oh rich no to do
with as I wish that's the lamest oh
here's a here's a convenient flashback
of Jason Todd being dead Jason Todd sure
is dead The Joker sure did kill that
Jason Todd Jason Todd isn't here at all
my problem I think with with Jason Todd
as the arkham knight is he's got the
history with batman the drama he's a
former Robin and now he's he's fighting
Batman with all the knowledge that
Batman gave him and he knows his
identity and that's all great but as a
character he just comes off as an angry
brat he's not he doesn't have that
sinister personality he's not a great
villain he's just I want to kill you
because I'm so angry that's kind of its
kind of dull yes
that's my that's my only real problem
with the character it's it's kind of
dull but it makes sense like that's
because that's how Batman can beat him
by
emotions you know like that I think
that's fine and if we're looking at this
as a Red Hood backstory again it makes
sense but then the writers should have
thrown up some red herrings they did
they mentioned no one else but Jason
Todd and then it's supposed to be a
surprise that it's Jason Todd well I
mean Jason Todd the thing the only thing
that annoys me about Jason Todd is
before the game came out rocksteady
claim that the arkham knight was going
to be a completely unique character and
it's just it's like the most obvious
person it could have been this is my
problem with the big reveal of the
arkham knight is there there was no
there was no work involved but with
figuring out who he was it was all
during that there is no work on Batman's
part and for anyone even remotely paying
attention to the story you figured it
out as soon as Jason Todd showed up yes
you know we should on the story but
let's look at the details and how they
tell the story which is where the meat
and potatoes are it's those those those
Joker fear gas hallucinations were like
Batman sitting in the cell because he
puts himself in quarantine because he's
got some weird Joker virus and then
there's no prompt to tell you what to do
next there's no hit X to continue this
cutscene you just you turn around
because you're looking around the cell
what am I supposed to do and then when
you turn back towards like the window
suddenly there's Jason Todd sitting out
there under a spotlight then the Joker
walks in and he starts talking and they
tell you this story and they know even
though it's not the best story they know
how to tell it it's a bit of a hacky
story but man did they do a great job so
like the real backstory is that it was
this in the last game where Batman was
injected with a joker toxin Joker
poisoned him with his own blood which is
toxic but there was absolutely no
mention like for first things first
Joker's blood now turns you into the
Joker fine that's fine but Joker poison
Ben and his own blood in this city no
mention that it would turn you into the
Joker and
even cured himself with a formula he
made at the end which I guess wasn't
good enough I don't know
so but you know that's fine that's all
comic book you miss fine oh my god Robin
just figured it out
Christ Robin locking myself away Robin
you're the worst detective ever and so
what happens is Batman slowly goes
insane in the form of the Joker just
showing up at random places during the
gameplay I'm just grapple hooking around
and all of a sudden Joker is just
sitting on the edge of a building going
hey that's what's up it was beautiful I
would I would stop and just listen to
the Joker any excuse to get mark hamill
Joker into any Batman franchise go for
it it starts up in the ACE chemical
section this is big section where
scarecrow has rigged ace chemicals to
blow up which will fill the East Coast
with fear gas and even though the
buildings about to blow up
Batman's mixing in these dangerous
chemicals to try and stop the reaction
he's probably gonna die in the explosion
but he's gotta mix these chemicals to
try and stop the fear gas and then you
know you get the last canister in and
you turn around and then there's the
Joker that's a great little moment that
these games are full of you don't know
if he's still alive at first but I mean
it they don't flat-out say he's a
hallucination
I noticed he was a hallucination when I
turned on the the Batman detective
vision there's like he's just like
there's no bones there's nothing he
doesn't even glow as like oh he's a
hallucination Barbara Gordon gets
kidnapped and then when Batman goes to
see Gordon he doesn't tell him why she
got kidnapped he doesn't tell Gordon
that that Barbara was working for me
she's just lying through his teeth this
game makes Batman kind of an asshole and
the Joker who represents Batman's
subconscious is just calling Batman out
on it and taunting him hunting him they
go and investigate where Barbara Gordon
gets kidnapped and Joker shows him like
replays The Killing Joke but what's in
the beautiful thing about it
that's not even that's not the Joker
showing Batman this this is all
embedment this is Batman kind of showing
himself this through the Joker no
cutscene no button prompt all of a
sudden you just turn and look at
something else and he's there and you
turn around and you turn back and he's
gone
you're you're still in control of the
character but they they still are able
to manipulate the camera they never take
away control fully yeah it's beautiful
it's the it is the most clever way they
could have brought the Joker back into
the series after killing them off
because they're not they're not even
really bringing him back I mean
everything is just this is how Batman
sees the Joker it's it's it's not like
Joker's ghost it wasn't him physically
resurrected it's just wholly
appropriately Batman is haunted by this
monster that has ruined his life at
every possible opportunity and even now
that he's dead the fear of the Joker
back to the fear theme is still in the
back of his mind and it won't let go the
end of the game Batman wins the game by
overtaking his fear of the Joker is the
beautiful thing about it it really
helped smooth out some of the more
tedious sections of the game I mean I
enjoy the combat well enough been there
done that before didn't like the
predator sections I was kind of lukewarm
on the tank but I eagerly went through
it focusing on the main story just
because I wanted to see what happened
next
these are writers who understand the
characters which is why when Batman gets
in a tank it makes it even more
disappointing nice codpiece really you
know it's it's what you know that is
that is a that's a gentlemanly bulge
it's enough to know that there's
something there but he's not showing off
that that's what you're looking at you
know you don't want to eat a legend guys
you're looking at let's show it off look
at that sticks out just a little bit
just just turn those thumbs there so we
get to the ending and it kind of falls
apart we we find out who the arkham
knight is and we have a big
confrontation with the arkham knight
it's Jason Todd Jason no I tried to save
you and then he just disappears he shows
up for two seconds at the end and he
says batman whatever is they kind of
forget about the arkham knight it really
unsatisfying ending it it doesn't work
and it also works no it does not look it
up
they don't give jason todd enough of a
motivation to come back but one of the
themes running through the story is
batman pushing his allies away because
he's afraid of bad things happening to
them like what happened to Jason Todd
he keeps Robin a far away from danger he
tells Dick Grayson not to help him and
then at the end he kind of lets himself
get captured because he knows that Jason
Todd is going to come to rescue him yeah
it it's it's a character arc because
Batman has learned to rely I don't know
how I know no he has not learned to rely
on how he says specifically that I knew
he'd be following me he but they don't
give us anything they needed to set it
up better yes wouldn't it it was a
payoff without a setup if we could have
had another scene with the Red Hood at
this point yeah where you know maybe it
was a fight right and maybe you know we
win or we lose or something happens if
they could have given us a little bit
more we we defeat the Arkham Knight and
he doesn't show up until two seconds ago
yeah yeah really unsatisfying so it's
the end of the game it's revealed that
Bruce Wayne is Batman by the Scarecrow
and then the Scarecrow injects him with
the fear toxin in hopes that Bruce Wayne
goes crazy with fear to show everyone
how the hero has fallen but apparently
because he has the Joker blood in him
Joker is immune to the fear talk no he's
not this is actually kind of clever the
fear toxin keeps making the the Joker
because Joe the Joker is kind of what
Batman's afraid of every time he gets a
jolt of that fear toxin the Joker gets
more and more control of Batman's
personality and that last jolt at Arkham
Asylum fully brings the Joker back and
at that point Bruce Wayne is for all
practical intents purposes the Joker
right so then when the Scarecrow who
thinks he's trying to make Bruce
why afraid he's actually trying to make
the Joker afraid and the Joker thinks
he's not afraid of anything
so when he gets that last injection of
the fear toxin he's not injecting Bruce
Wayne with the fear toxin he's injecting
the Joker with the fear toxin and the
Joker alternatively is afraid of being
forgotten and of the Batman and that's
what takes him down and I really enjoyed
that section you go into Joker's head
and it's like a glimpse into the world
that he wants it he's he's murdering all
the other people and he has the bat
tangle Beale there's a crazy pulse on
the front of it right some mind-bending
gameplay where you know you turn around
and there's a Batman statue and you can
shoot the Batman session you turn around
there's five Batman statues and it
wasn't a cutscene we played that we were
the character their handling of
characterization through gameplay I did
not expect that in a triple-a title if
not to shit on all other triple-a titles
but I was shocked by this is this is
what Rocksteady does that works but to
to to sprinkle a little shit on the end
of story the full completion of the
story is Batman you know Batman goes
back to Wayne Manor and all the press is
there and he blows himself up or he
blows someone murders and we did the
press press knows that Bruce Wayne is
bad at this point right spending his
cats out of the bag but he has told
Alfred that we are going to initiate
operation nightfall and he goes into his
house and also in Wayne Manor blows up
oh no Bruce Wayne and Batman are dead
how terrible
this is how it happened this is how the
Batman died it looks like now Tim is
getting married to Barbara Gotham is
happier but they're still crying and oh
and in a mirroring of young Bruce Wayne
another rich couple goes down a dark
alley for some dumbass reason don't go
down dark alleys rich people have you
ever known a rich person that would go
down a dark alley I'm not a rich person
and I wouldn't go down a dark alley why
are you going down dark alleys so bad
guys are there right yeah and up on the
rooftop we see a silhouette of a Batman
but all of a sudden a smoke monster
comes out of Batman and it's a then he
explodes into a bat and the building
blows up as he's exploding into a bat is
that is that Batman using fear toxin is
that just some abstract message in a
game that's supposed to be the finale
this is the the end cap on the batman
arkham games don't you you shouldn't end
that ambiguously there's a time for
ambiguity and then it's time to do say
something clearly to it to to rekt sink
you know up you're supposed to this is
if this is the end of the series you
want to wrap it up in a nice boat I I
think I think they should have gone like
the Dark Knight Returns route
Batman fakes his death but you see him
still cuz you know the B doesn't think
the Batman will work with with Bruce
Wayne being revealed he just kind of
goes underground and he's training other
people how to fight crime and the Batman
legacy will go on even though he won't
be at the forefront you just something
looks something like that that's what I
was I was expecting to see the
silhouette of like Nightwing Robin and
the red hood up there you know like the
people who are who he's passed the torch
on to right but we get this bullsh into
a smoke monster what is this who knows
what it is I guess I'll have to buy two
deals listen this isn't a 1950s horror
movie you don't end it with the end
question mark
you have put it so perfectly it's not a
great story but it's good storytelling
yeah nice one by the way nice one thank
you um so here's the here's the real
question
yeah would you recommend Batman Arkham
Knight for for the story if you're a
Batman fan there's a lot delimiter I
mean you got the best people who have
ever played Batman and the Joker
reprising their roles you've got some
fine storytelling if you can deal with
the tank you'll you'll enjoy the story I
think that's well put
yeah well worth a play yeah well worth
the play if only you for for the story
which coming from me is shocking but
they handle the handle theming the
handle storytelling all through gameplay
here's here's my question what the story
work is anything other than a game this
is only work because it's a game yeah it
does work it well well only as a game
because you're in control of your
character and you start to kind of lose
control
mmm that's some artsy-fartsy bullshit
right there
you