Episode 025
Star Wars Battlefront - Hard West
December 12, 2015
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-star-wars-battlefront-hard-west/
__________________________________________________________________

lattes
you
so we played a couple different games
and got each individually got bored of
each other's game
well let's third less let's start with
hard West rich I made a song about my
feelings about us playing hard West's
and it goes like this hey ho what do you
know rich wants to play another XCOM
clone dududu ho now listen to me son
Jack is bored by the lack of action Oh
Jack Oh Jack it's true I was so bored
fair I guess it's kind of fair to call
it a clone what do you already draw the
clone line at what point at what point
did first-person shooters stop being
Doom clones are they all so hard West
yeah grid-based movement tactical
turn-based tactical turn-based shooter
cuter shooter it's XCOM with cowboys
oh no yeah they definitely took the the
tactical aspects of their game like
straight straight out of XCOM with some
tweaks and then the the other layer of
hard West is
weird I'm gonna call I'm gonna call it
FTL ish where there's like there yeah
there seems to be like little choices
and if you you know like a block of text
comes up and you have a choice to make
it's not the non tactical level and hard
West not very engaging to me at all yes
I want to love this game I saw this game
I'm like I like westerns
I love XCOM oh this sounds great and
then I'm playing the game and while it
is largely a clone of X coms combat I'm
just not getting into this game at all
and it makes me appreciate what
XCOM did with with characters and
personality okay
this game hard West has like actual
story characters that go on the missions
they all feel pretty blend I I want to
say your father's name is a father like
me for for a story that's not only a
Western but it's like a supernatural
Western where people are making deals
with the devil and there are meteorites
from space making people go insane it's
told very Dreiling there's the like the
storyteller is the narrator is like
death from the day you first laid eyes
on Florence she was all he could think
about
it wasn't just desire but she inspired
it it was the way she saw the best in
you the way she made you feel he
narrates the story here it's not like
experiencing a story it's like and then
Lauren went to the farm and on the farm
there were bandits and they shot Claire
oh yeah
warlock Clara and then the vicious
that's this by the way Lauren likes
Clara your Warren you liked Clara that's
what happened be sad now like and then
it makes me really I mean X come I mean
really the unit's they're just randomly
generated units they're not characters
but I was so attached to my my little
corporal who made that one amazing low
percentage shot that saved my sniper
three missions ago and I loved that
character and I gave him a little hack
because I liked him so much and I gave
him a moustache and I gave him a
nickname that said sharp shot and I got
attached to that character but here's
here's Warren game gave him a backstory
and everything and I just don't give a
shit fuck you fuck you Warren that
shooter and XCOM earned his
characterization you've been with him I
made that character I made that care of
me and the game collaborated to make
that character and then you spend time
with him you watched him grow the game
told me I was Warren this is your father
his name is father uh you you get some
magic powers in this game like like
ricochet and whatnot and those are
fueled by a look like if you want to do
a ricochet shot where if you could shoot
like the metal bucket behind the idol
it'll bounce back and hit him behind the
cover which is kind of a neat thing but
you need luck to feel that but enemies
are constantly shooting at you and
you're always losing luck every shot
taking at you reduces your luck and you
know when five guys are shooting at you
before you get a chance to shoot at them
yes it's pointless the and then I guess
the last thing two's comparison Dexcom
the expired yeah I know
I'm comparing this the ex comes so much
as you promote your soldier they get
like different branching like power
paths you can you can like plan out how
your character grows and develops hard
West has a card system which I think I
think has some neat aspects you get like
like ten through Jack and hearts clubs
and spades and and every card is like a
different power like the ten of the
clubs like the Ricochet power and the
Queen of Hearts is the suck health from
your enemy power and you can basically
give any character whatever powers you
happen to have unlocked it's kind of
neat but you're not developing a
character at all you could give Warren
like the royal flush on one map cuz you
like those bonuses and then you got
another map you know it's got some like
stealth elements so you can just give
him an entirely different loadout so
it's not like that character developing
and growing at all
you're more attached to those cards than
you are to the players you're giving the
cards to yes yes my whole my whole thing
where I I think I've talked about this
in our streams a lot I don't think I've
ever talked about it on the show I'm not
a huge fan of realtime strategy and
we're talking about realtime strategy
just for a little bit like your warm
your classic Warcraft or your Starcraft
because the units are just completely
disposable like you you can build a
thousand soldiers and you don't care if
like 98% of them die they're completely
worthless and what I love about like the
turn-based like the XCOM base is just
the the importance of each individual
soldier unit where you get an attachment
to them and some how hard West has found
a way to lose that and there's a little
bit of a shame to me I don't I don't
want to be down too much on this game
like I do like I don't I do it's it's a
bad game you can
it's it's it's chief game it's it's not
like it's not like a huge triple a
budget game where they spend a hundred
million dollars and fail let me in some
smaller I think was like a little
Kickstarter project I don't think it was
anything too fancy it wasn't a fight
doesn't make it a good game it's not a
terrible game either a terrible game no
it's a tearaway that it's okay to call
it that core XCOM tactical combat is
still good they just don't use it near
as well or enough I don't want to hate I
really don't want to hate on the game
but I do at the end of the day this game
just made me want to go play XCOM right
where I where I honestly gave a shit
about my randomly generated soldiers so
rich because I made a song for hard West
I thought I would make another song for
Star Wars Battlefront would you like to
hear it I would not love to hear this
song star wars sis's to Star Wars it's
the Star Wars Star Wars
d-dude but you remember that from the
movie right the Star Wars I remember the
Star Wars that kind of reminded you of
the movie huh yeah and then I didn't add
much to it no not really
yeah oh wow
I played a little bit of a battlefront
with you I don't know that it's even
fair for me to talk about it because
it's just a style of shooter that I
absolutely loathe I know is your kind of
Call of Duty my German your modern FPS
where it's multiplayer focus there's 800
people on one map at a time and you die
every four seconds and you don't have
much health and there's pricks who
playing a lot and they've earned the
backpack unlockable and they're
obnoxious and I hate everything about
that style of shooter I know people are
just gonna say you're bad at it I'm bad
at it because I have no interest in
getting good at it I don't know if you
ever did this when you were a kid or if
you've ever seen like kids played laser
guns but alright nigga pew oh I got you
and then their kid goes no you did not
had a shield Pippy I got you no you
didn't I had an anti shield I've got a
clip with infinite ammo yeah yeah yeah
that's basically Star Wars Battlefront
is it's a lot of laser blasting pew pew
with just zero substance that seems like
it should be some dumb fun and and it is
I when I got it I told you I fear eyes
that I would enjoy this game for exactly
eight hours round the six or seven mark
I started to feel it it's just boring
and bland and generic it has many
problems it's it's it's like the the
intro sequence remember remember when
you started installing the game and this
is kind of actually need while it was
installing it let you play as Darth
Vader just running around killing rebels
and I yeah I add the controller in my
hand I'm like oh this looks really neat
like visually visually it's pretty
stunning visually it looks like Star
Wars
looks just like Star Wars and I'm
running around as Darth Vader oh yeah in
here hacking people with your sword up
yeah and running around or hacking
people up with my sword and then I'm
running around I'm hacking people up my
sword and then and then more rebels come
out into the hoff base and then I'm
we're on a hakama sword no joke one
the more rebels come in and i hack them
and got really old really quick and
there wasn't much variety in the
environment hey that's like the rest of
the game here is the problem with Star
Wars Battlefront is it is a multiplayer
game that does its best to discourage
teamwork okay there is no voice chat in
Star Wars Battlefront
there's no way to signal to your
teammates does it does it not exist it
does not exist really no voice chat it's
so weird
yeah I would almost want to double check
that I did this comes out you did I did
it just doesn't exist there's not a dad
is so fucking weird and that fuck is
there even like a text no text no emotes
is it I think it a charge extra for that
is that in the $50.00 DLC no even like
simple communications like go to your
left go to your right like other games
have like you know you can press a
button and then the character says some
stock like that actually seems shirking
to me it doesn't it that what this means
is that when you're in a battle there is
no way to communicate your intentions to
your teammates and thusly no way to like
follow someone else to follow someone
else's lead and so instead of your group
working together to defeat the Empire
it's like a fish just you know randomly
swimming against walls and the only way
I can describe it is incredibly lonely
it's like because no one knows what
anyone else is doing so you're just
shouting into the nothingness there's
laser blasts happening x-wings
Tie Fighters imperial walkers 80 sts
speeders laser guns and no one can hear
a thing it's terrible it's like it's
like Johnny got his blaster
can you imagine a four-star general
saying everybody run around well to me
this is the big failure of the game is
like I kept trying to pinpoint like why
it just stopped being fun cuz it was
like four four five six hours just
shootin laser guns super fun but this is
it is there is no order and so it's it's
it's just shiny lights
it's shiny lights with a Star Wars gloss
over it that's it I did like the space
battles well the space battles that
weren't in space the space battles that
took place over the same four Maps yeah
but by because the young because I guess
it was just too much of a hassle to
program just a star background that was
that was problematic but it was fun
flying around locking on him maybe want
to play TIE fighter it was just a deeper
version of what you got there no no but
and that was fun but eventually we just
ran into the same problem which is just
it's chaos it's it's balls bouncing
against walls and eventually your ball
hits the other guy ball and you win
maybe or you lose it doesn't matter
coordinated attacks teamwork
these things should be standard in
multiplayer games jackass is Star Wars
all right
it says Star Wars and it cost 60 bucks
actually it cost $110 because there's
$50 if you want more than four Maps
that's $50 110 dollars to have something
that's a Star Wars you get to pay for a
nearly a whole other brand-new game if
you want more than four maps and you
know what fuck EA games I cried when I
heard they got the Star Wars license
from Disney I damn near cried
cuz you knew shit like this is gonna
happen you know it looks great you want
you want Jedi Knight e3 will fuck you
you're getting a bland multiplayer
shooter with four fucking maps be glad
we're not shared you get four
no you bastard no and so it's it's just
one of those things where the game looks
gorgeous easy to make it gorgeous they
only had to focus on format but it's
it's just it's it's nothing it is it is
this vapor that exists inside a Star
Wars logo I think we played a couple of
turds this time I didn't really don't
want us call hard West to turd I don't I
do don't does that count it did not hook
me at all though it completely Hurd was
completely failed to engross focus how
about a turd in a flop Battlefront
Saturn it's a very shiny turd it's a
turn and I was rooting for you I was
rooting for you
yeah oh did you play the new blood war
dlc oh yeah it's great