Episode 026
Helldivers
January 20, 2016
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-helldivers/
_____________________________________________

you know but that spots just always
gonna be there
I'm just there's never I'm never gonna
get rid of that you ever find some way
to handle that spot I just don't know if
there is a way I mean bald people appear
on camera yeah but are they powder down
maybe ya need powder come on you know I
don't want a powder down cuz then I get
home I got a pain in the ass hashtag
guess get a stocking cap how about I
just get a bald cap that's pre powdered
you can do that and it'll look
ridiculous if you want to do that I
won't stop you but it's gonna look
ridiculous you think a fake bald head on
my bald head will look ridiculous yes I
mean it might blame them I think it
might just that you're Jewish man that
guy chose the wrong but you probably do
because then making fun of you will be a
hate crime
Helldivers is a twin-stick shooter
basically you you are in a group of up
to 1 to up to four Helldivers who are
soldiers in in this democracy this
future democracy of super earth for
democracy for freedom spread manage
democracy throughout the galaxy become
come a hero become a legend
barry's Starship Troopers extremely
starship troopers done apologetically
starship troopers to the point where
they should probably be sued it is every
man woman and child duty to protect our
home our culture we both played the game
on Steam the game hasn't been out for
actually a while on the PlayStation both
on the ps4 and the PS Vita which really
shows in its coding because every once a
while I'd have to play on my laptop and
the game ran smooth is butter on my
laptop which is not a gaming laptop this
was something that was may you know made
for a portable handheld system which is
nothing but a positive in my book yeah
your your average operation in
Helldivers is going to be dropped down
to a planet you have certain objectives
to complete
whether it be carry a suitcase from
point A to point B or long time the
territory offend a territory and then
you complete those objectives and have
to leave without dying too many times so
every once in a while you can press the
left bumper and then you have to do like
an up up down down thing whatever it
says on the screen okay and you get this
and I don't know what this is okay then
you throw this beacon and then I think
something comes Oh the stratagems which
are a little little like it's like
basically calling in radio any by supply
side and every mission you get for
stratagem slots you get to pick what you
bring with you you can you can choose to
bring like an extra main weapon like I
might bring a big giant machine gun or
that giant laser and that will take up a
slide I want to bring this ammo extra
ammo I might need to call in for ammo
and that take up a slot or you know
maybe I want to bring air strikes and
that's a slot and then you get that last
one old do I want turrets driver and
turrets or do I bring the mines cuz the
anti-tank mines are useful the tank
comes by over the turrets can protect us
when we're doing so you gotta you know
strategize with what you bring with you
on what you think you're gonna face
Colin stratagems shit together for
democracy for democracy
and at face value one when I saw the
video for this it looked like it was
just a twin stick shooter yeah I
expected something extremely dumb but
kind of fun and what you get is kind of
a lot deeper than that III thought it
was going to be a shoot-'em-up it's more
of a strategy based it's a it's a
stratum up astraddle
that's a real word because it's not just
shoot of things and dodge bullet there's
more to it that like you're constantly
managing your ammo I kind of love what
this game does with ammo you don't have
unlimited ammo it's not like you got the
super machine gun and just move around
it and you do that for 20 minutes that
you're done you you you always have to
worry about how much ammo you have left
in this game if you if you change out a
magazine that's only half empty you lose
half that magazine it's gone forever
forever there's no picking it up again
later and it turns into this wonderful
bullet management minigame the economy
of bullets where you might want a full
clip because at any point you could be
surrounded by enemies but you don't
really want to reload your clip because
maybe you only have half a clip left and
then those bullets are gone forever and
then you might run out of bullets or or
maybe one you're changing your ammo out
that just happens to be what a party of
scouts walks by and then they send the
alarm while you're fucking around
oh shit so you gotta be smart about how
you utilize your ammo on managing that
resource yeah so it's not just dumped
and don't think about it it's oh yeah I
like that your own things can murder you
yeah I think that's really important
this game love it or hate it handles
co-op perfectly and the main reason it
handles co-op perfectly is in the very
presentation of the game is every single
player is looking at the same
and including when you choose your
loadouts you know your your picking all
your stratagems you're picking your guns
you're picking all of your equipment you
can see all of your teammates equipment
on the same screen I mean yeah you talk
about sharing loadout screen but you
share the game screen when you're
playing the game
I've heard people bitch that you can't
just run around and do your own thing
but that's that's the point you have to
work together like if you got two people
want to go north and two people then
want to go south
no one's going anywhere you literally
cannot move without your team talk about
like reinforcing teamwork how about we
shackle you to each other then you have
to work together you have to you have to
know where your teammates are at any
given time too because friendly fire is
a thing and you can kill your own
teammates very quick like not just can
you do you kill your teammates a lot
like you can you can position a turret
in front of yourself to protect yourself
but your teammates are all in front of
the turret and then they're gonna good
fucking boat down so you have to work
together to not only solve the
objectives of the game but to not kill
each other because if all four of you
can survive the entire mission you
individually get more experience gets so
the game reinforces that teamwork some
of the equipment you can bring to that
also plays into the coop like there's a
rocket launcher you can bring with and
the rocket launcher it's not only the
rocket launcher but there's also a
backpack full of ammo and you can load
you can you can you can carry the rocket
launcher and the backpack and load the
the launch of yourself but it takes like
15 seconds to load it yourself unless
you have a teammate carry the backpack
and they can load you it takes like half
a second so if you're coordinated with
your teammates you can you can send out
three rockets at those giant tanks
coming your way and like a like a second
and a half there's a like some various
kind of vehicles you can use like this
in hav heavily armored vehicle that you
can bring down and you like one person
drives and then two people man the
machine gun on either side of the tank
and then there's a giant anti tank
turret on top
you know why waste the anti-tank turret
on the grunts you save that for the big
guys you got to worry about your
teammates you got to let them Team AIDS
worry about the little guys will you
carry this specific thread while the
other guy never gates this whole vehicle
designed around everyone working
together for a single goal I think it's
very clear that a lot of thought went
into people cooperating mmm in a co-op
game it's crazy I know what this
wonderful thing happens where even if no
one's talking to each other you just
start following the person who runs the
first towards an objective and you know
everyone kind of silently picks an angle
to cover oh I'll get our back okay you
get okay
and it's it's this flock herd mentality
that works so well because you're all
sharing a screen yeah well yeah knowing
where to shoot is important because the
way the way this game works it's like
they're their enemies whole bunch of
enemies in the game but you got to worry
about the little tiny Scouts because you
don't have problems until the scouts
call in the bigger units so everybody's
got to be focused on looking on where
those Scouts are going to come and if
you're if you're smart somebody's going
to be looking at the top left-hand side
of the screen the other person's ever
looking at the top right then someone
else gonna be watching the rear the
fourth person might be checking the
radar every now and then just and if
he's really smart he'll use the mic so
yeah I see some scouts up on the top
left there to the north are coming down
you might be prepared for the scouts and
then you know you shoot you can hit them
off-screen you don't need to see them to
shoot them so you can be really
coordinated and get to this game really
easily uh here's the downside of coop
most people playing the game are fucking
idiots like real fucking idiots
how about inexperienced idiots I was I
was and I am just playing one match and
a lot of cyborgs so there's a lot of
tanks around a lot of heavy armored
units that you need to use anti-tank
weapon ran like the rocket modules I had
the rocket launcher in the backpack one
of my teammates an experienced player
rocket launcher backpack I told him
thirty-eight times we can reload each
other with back and it's much faster
much farce he would never do it he would
never listen to me I draw off the
corridor
try and reload I can do that for you
it'll take a half a second but is lots
of people just didn't they're not
keeping an eye out for scouts at all
instead of instead of like when I'm
pointing my gun at the right hand
instead of pointing his gun at the left
waiting for things happened he's like
also pointing this way and then when the
scouts come behind us when for fuck cuz
someone else is an idiot ash fish
alright I mashed good enough great make
us come back now Oh is everyone else
dead yes everyone else is dead
oh no okay Oh No get us back round
trying I'm trying I'm trying
alright alright hold on run away run oh
hey I'm in the Sun I can't run shoot
that thing alright alright oh shit oh
shit god damn oh oh my first my first
night with the game barrel it's fair
that I can utterly fuck alright get
everybody killed and then fail to revive
everyone I think I'm allowed to do that
on my first day with the game
specifically this kill hole killing the
scouts thing starts talking about some
of the criticisms of the game yeah which
is you hit a point in which the
difficulty level or the the you hit a
point in which the difficulty curve
really plateaus and it's right around
when you figure out you can kill the
scouts and no reinforcements come it
turns into like I don't want to call it
a grind it turns into an office job you
go to ping a kill all the scouts do the
thing a thing kill all the scouts go to
thing B do the thing beefing kill all
the Scouts go to the extraction point
scale all the Scouts extract next planet
there's something to be said though
there's something else don't you think
there's anything satisfying about a
mission that goes off without a hitch
yes my the best time I ever had with
this game I just ended up in a game
complete random stranger never met him
before
he knew how to play the game I know how
to play the game we both had like the
sprinting perk and we both knew to look
out for Scouts and we we fucking tour
through the Helldiver difficulty and
like
it's just minutes the objective we knew
what we needed to do we didn't even need
to communicate with each other we were
just on point and it was extremely
satisfying but how many times would that
be satisfying a limited number a limited
number a limited number
oh shit shit shit shit shit shit oh rich
yeah I know
I know this all rich I want to say that
was our best run yet though what so what
happened what happened rich what
happened was I hit down when I should
have hit home all right all right
is that okay oh not parently not no it's
not I had a chance I had a chance to
save everybody
another problem I'm coming across with
the game is environmental differences so
so there are three alien factions that
you're fighting against there's there's
the the bugs or basically just starship
troopers the game
there's also cyborg men who come out you
with tanks and guns and then you have
the the illuminants or kind of supposed
to be the the technology aliens they
have come the war of the world they look
like the war of the world but they're
the tripods but a little tiny tripods
domes with the legs yeah but they come
at you with with shielded units and and
sniper rooms yeah basically laser
weapons yeah the the issue I'm having is
even though you have these different
alien beings these different factions
it's really weird that they all seem to
live on very similar planets you get
your snow world's you got your swamp
worlds and you got your sand world okay
they all look exactly the same no matter
what alien you're fighting yeah I mean
the environments are they're all very
similar there's there's only basically
cosmetic differences like the lava
planet few lava traps maybe or the
forest planet there's some like swamps
it's harder to get through but mostly
it's just different colors it gets
tiresome the game could use some more
urban environments
for sure probably some some new
objectives
and an endgame would be nice I think I
think the major fault of this game which
otherwise otherwise I love this game
actually love it except not very
long-lived no I loved it intensely yes
when I first started playing it I loved
unlocking all the shit then I I kind of
I unlocked all the shit oh I'm done kind
of done that's why I call the difficulty
curve a plateau where you hit that point
where you're just running through the
same missions in the same environments
fighting the same enemies over and over
and while short-lived I think I got a
solid 20 hours out of the game yeah and
for 20 bucks I think that's really worth
it but I can't imagine playing it any
more see I'm the single player gamer I
don't I don't do much in the way of
multiplayer and I'm just thinking of
this is this were like a single-player
game there there'd be some kind of
storyline resolution right ago ah but
that was nice
maybe there was some kind of like like
climax or the story would end there be
an end point oh and I go home
but with Helldivers there's never any
sense of closure I was just playing and
at some point I just realized oh I'm
done with this now it is a big criticism
and it's a big negative to the game that
you can't play it more than 20 40 maybe
I mean 30 hours maybe how long are you
into it probably before you okay I get a
good good I get a good chunk of use out
of this game yeah but I I think I'm
gonna be done very soon and I'm I don't
know that I'm gonna look back very often
it's like it's it's a harsh criticism
but I think it's priced appropriately if
you get the $20 version without all the
DLC that you don't need more than worth
to purchase in my opinion
I also recommend it I think it's a lot
of fun yeah you don't expect more than
don't expect more than full
two hours yeah no definitely not more
than 40 I couldn't get past for me I'm
like at 40 now but I'm just I'm you know
I'm just I just kind of wanted for the
sake of it to get to level 25 I'm here
you I'll get the level 25 none so you're
right now you're in a loveless marriage
right now yes yes the kid the kids are
almost off to college the kids are
almost 18 and once those kids move on
you're fucking out a clean break we're
gonna have a clean break we're gonna see
other people okay
well that you know what as long as you
remain friends yeah you're still here I
won't remain friends with Helldivers
maybe I may even see Helldivers every
now and then a little
something-something on the side you know
what I'm talking about yeah
this metaphor got weird