Episode 027
Dragon's Dogma
February 7, 2016
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-dragons-dogma/
________________________________________________

this new what Wow what's what's new
you
Dragon's Dogma you have to a great start
Jack I feel like a monster
Dragon's Dogma is the old role-playing
game by Capcom games that is now new
again on Steam this came out a few years
ago on the Xbox 360 and the ps3 and has
been given new life on the PC I mean
it's kind of it's kind of a strange
thing this it wasn't really a major hit
like I don't think I even heard about it
at the time Dragons 9 was just a
moderate Lokesh game that came out on
the consoles a few years ago and now
it's been released on Steam and it's
it's it's fairly popular on Steam right
now I mean I wonder if we don't want it
what other games in in the recent past
said they could they could do this with
I mean they could people could probably
make money this way by releasing an
older game that had you know extremely
good gameplay and then just put it on
them the PC where you get like you know
HD resolutions and you can use the
keyboard mouse any old game so Dragon's
Dogma is an open-world fantasy RPG yes
there be dragons and goblins and ogres
and wizards in everything that's in
every other medieval fantasy RPGs and
Dragons doors
here's the word I use for it it's
generic fantasy it's as generic as you
get like sometimes maybe it'll try and
put like a spin on the fantasy to make
it a little bit a little bit more unique
a little bit their own thing like thief
is a fantasy world what's kind of house
in Wonderland weird elements and some
steampunk elements no this is just
straight you got elves and well those
not even elves no no that you got
dragons you got dragons and goblins you
got sword and this is Kingdom and
village you got nights and you got
magicians like this is this is
straight-up the once and future king
kind of setting it's token without the
elves or hobbitses maybe there's a
hobbits I didn't see any
rich Stamper myself do it do it do it
date now witness the power of my fully
operational Cyclops afraid the Cyclops
is fully operational Oh tiny smalls will
die
story-wise you play the arisen and the
arisen is a very powerful warrior he's a
player character for some reason he's
this generic you're destined to slay the
dragon there's the story yeah by the way
why are you destined to slay the dragon
because it's a generic fantasy you slay
the dragon that's what you do we a
knight is your sword
go at it you know what to do do it like
why are you the arisen why are you the
hero of the land what makes you special
nothing nothing never you think makes it
you were chosen because you're the
player because you know to save the
fantasy world the generic fantasy world
what do you want what the what do you
want Jack what what I'm looking for is
like you know what I want to be I want
to be the schmuck in the village who
decides to fight for for a reason you
picked that reason that's why the
character is given no dialogue in my in
my head when I played this game right my
my my character was a retired warrior
lost some people he knew in battle and
this was sick of the whole thing and
then he just went to settle down and be
a fisherman while till this dragon
attacks and draws him back into the
action that's pretty good that's pretty
good
what dragons I don't care about dragons
there is like there is someone who is
furiously masturbating to this cutscene
as we speak yeah oh yeah dragon oh fuck
yeah you're you're dragging are you eat
another dragon off what yeah what here's
what I want to say here's how I want to
start this off yeah I have very
complicated feelings about Dragon's
Dogma I loved it I absolutely loved it
except for some very specific things
right so I loved every part of it except
I hated the setting and I hated the
story and I hated the combat and I hated
the pawn system and I hated every single
side quest and I hated every single main
story quests I hated every individual
part of this game yet somehow managed to
have a very good time playing it I mean
I don't know that each individual
element is well for me for me it was bad
I'd say a lot of the individual elements
kind of range from like C to D maybe
maybe one aspect of the game is like a B
but overall the game is more than the
sum of its parts
yeah she is
nice Babs calling her babson well her
real name is Betty boobs
you didn't see that and put in her name
is Betty Boop
but her nicknames dance the characters
sure D - D - yep like we already talked
about the player character you're the
the arisen no details are given silent
protagonist which by the way is
something I typically hate the silent
protagonist I hate it when you talk to
an NPC and they act like you're saying
something when you said nothing every
person you run into is that same slate
of medieval fantasy everyone every every
NPC is a I want to say dulled character
everyone is flat and dull there's
nothing to give life sometimes sometimes
there's an accent I am C gen Darrell but
I am also fresh interacting with
characters is part of the game you know
you're supposed to go on all these side
quests you're supposed to learn about
the village through all of these NPCs
but every single one of them is a
dullard I work in a farm
sometimes I farm the weird thing is the
pawns yes very strange right you you
like one of the earliest things that
happen you in this game is you find out
you're the special destined arisen
you're the arisen you're gonna you're
gonna face and slay the dragon maybe and
and the the gods the riffs the the
powers-that-be give you your own person
that you basically own you're given a
slave in this game you're given a slave
you're a slave owner not like you'd
think though like I get an RPG that your
party would all have a lot of their own
characters and there'd be dialog between
the party and and and character dynamics
going on there the weird thing about
your pawns is they're they're creepy
Willis
soulless people there specifically
people with no will of their own the
only guidance they get is the guidance
that your character gives them they have
a special thing in the game called the
learning chair which is like a timeout
corner for your pawns and you have to
sit them down and if they're not
behaving correctly you tell them what to
do
like you put your your main slave
because I'm not gonna comment on they're
your slaves you put your main slave this
the timeout chair
and then you have like the the
performance review meeting with them you
sit down to across the table from them
and then your slave is like master they
always call you master which is creepy
at it of itself ELO's when i say things
in battle i tend to be very confident do
you like that and you could say no I
want you to be and you got like a less
arrogance or timid and you tell them
what their personality is and it's the
creepiest thing ever you fear you're
it's like you're travelling around with
this group of soulless mannequins ya
know it's very weird and and so then so
you have your main slave but then you
can also grab two additional slaves
literally off the street you can go into
the magic stone to grab more slaves or
you can just see a slave on the street
and say you're mine now and they go of
course master I will serve you Eagle Joe
blow me needle Joe blow me my name is
joe blow me my friends call me eagle you
just look at me like you don't have any
friends do you
no but if I did it'd come he go there's
two kinds of fights that I in my in my
head there's two kinds of fight there's
the man-sized fights and then there's
the beasts fights and the man-sized
fights I'm gonna say our worse than
generic you you're pressing one button
not the deepest combat system
yeah oh you have fire blaze my combo is
X X X X X X X X X X X X X it seems about
right look for more goblins you got fire
blaze so you have your light attack yeah
and your heavy attack and then you can
equip some special attacks your primary
and secondary weapon you can each store
like three attacks and you have a lot to
choose from since you can kind of design
your own character that way but really
you know it all boils down to just like
what's the most efficient way to kill
someone and for all the man-sized
enemies I always found the most and I
played as the the ranger you know so I
had two daggers so my most effective
attack was just the light attack spam
dude
that was it and every once in a while
I'd hang back and use my bow and arrow
because I got a cool magic bow and arrow
um but I found everything that was not a
giant beast I found to be terribly
unsatisfying combat didn't you try
swishing out your classes at all you can
you can vary up your play style by
choosing a new class like absolutely and
I did try like I tried the the the
warrior work because I like I like big
dumb hammers and that was kind of fun
but not it was different when you give
it that was very different it was it's
very different and so like finding your
perfect fighting style is probably in
there but again I just found it bland
now I'm gonna say this about the combat
because maybe this is just our mindset
because we were both just recently
playing a lot of the new blood-borne DLC
isn't right now is just about anything
compared to blood-borne a like a huge
step down especially this cuz it's kind
of average combat to begin with and you
go from blood-borne to average it's like
whoa oh my god
it really it really shows like
blood-borne
you know but like not even blood-borne
like you know you look at you look at
something like you know like the Batman
multi-person combats
them you look at something where you can
chain together attacks for combos I
Ninja Gaiden give me combos fucking like
light light heavy give me something more
than light attack my angle i attack
everything everything everything away
exactly
her name is quinoa you know that is it's
like a rice dish kill her and eat her
alright
oh my god you're really killing her but
and you and I experienced this firsthand
while playing that first four hours of
this game the Beast fights pretty neat
awesome I thought I liked that that was
it that was the whole game for me that
that's what made it a good game for me
was finding the beast well I think I
think that's what the game was pretty
much designed around the the beast
fights I don't think they cared about
the the roving bands of goblins and
bandits as much because it's not even a
it's like it's like it's like just the
open world this game is an open world
and the open world is basically littered
with boss fights that you'll just
encounter while exploring the woods like
you're going down but you're just
walking down the forest your party and
suddenly a fucking Griffon jumps out of
the sky and starts attacking you yeah
and you know what sometimes it flies
away
and sometimes you can defeat it they
have weak points you can like attack the
wings to ground the Griffon you can you
can climb up on top of a monster and you
can like start attacking like like this
is like a cyclops the middle road you
jump on the Cyclops arm you just start
whaling away in his arm and eventually
you're going to injure his arm and he's
going to drop the club yeah these these
epic boss fights like that did you
better than blood-borne fast boss fly
it's arguably a way better than the
blood-borne boss fights they're like
they're these giant my favorite monsters
were the stone golems that had these
glowing weak spots all over them so
you'd have to crawl and stab the glowing
weak spot and and then like eventually
it would explode in the
go crazy it was I loved it I was I was
just my favorite was fine I was just
randomly exploring the woods and a
gigantic fucking dragon started shooting
fire at me
as I was having trouble getting away
from it and so was like a fucking I'm
fighting the dragon and somehow I won
because he had the glowing weak spot his
chest every time they would go brew and
then you shoot the arrow and hit the
weak spot never it was neat it was fun
it was really neat you know it was
basically like micros Shadow of the
Colossus yes yes so the fights are great
again to roll into a problem the chimera
chime era whatever right although the
shimmers Chimaera's yeah okay Mira maybe
what are they which I'm Eric I'm ER
want me to model lion gold snake the
lion wants me cuz that's a thing hey
these are generic ancient monsters and
you know the ancients didn't have a big
imagination because they're like let's
think of a monster oh just take three
animals and shove them together no it's
a monster yeah it's a really fun fight
my complaint is on monster design bland
unimaginative uninspired
Oh somewhat passable because they are
classic monsters though sure the Cyclops
has a nice nod to it there is a theory
that Cyclops came to be because people
saw like an elephant skull and an
elephant skulls got that giant hole for
the nose and if you've never seen an
elephant and you see like some kind of
mammoth skull an animal that's been
extinct for a hundred thousand years ten
thousand years you think that's a giant
eye oh that's a that's a just one eyed
skull you from from a giant and the
Cyclops in this game if you look at them
their skin looks kinda like an elephant
if you like it like the feet and their
gray skin the way it looks the wrinkles
this is nice listen I
nod know in the cyclopses also have like
two big tough yes cyclopses fun but like
the goblins you just play blood-borne
yeah you just played one more
blood-borne has brilliant looking moms
that has amazing combat and the the best
monster designs like in anything ever
yeah I'm just saying look at look at
these things in relative terms while you
probably feel the way you do about
dragon Dragon's Dogma I'll agree with
you by I guess like this is all my you
know the my whole the whole crux of my
discussion here is that I did not like
each individual element yeah but somehow
I had a really great time playing the
game where it's like the monster design
I was you know it's a it's another
chimera but fighting it was exhilarating
there's here's why I think the game is
more than the sum of its parts it does a
very good job of being a just kind of
like a depth full experience so so you
know what Dragon's Dogma does is it
strips all the things I hated about
those old Nintendo era RPGs you get rid
of the combat you replace the obnoxious
characters with bland characters but at
least they're not obnoxious but it does
have the things I like about those old
Nintendo Super Nintendo era RPGs which
was the exploration lots of towns who
explore lots people to talk to lots of
lots of shops the the world is just
fucking littered with with different
items and weapons and you never know
when she get to a new area what yeah I'm
gonna find this maybe I find this new
great sword no and I can I can make that
sword better I can power it up and here
let me mix and match this armor to find
our more I like this is a lot a lot of a
lot of exploration there's a lot of just
depth in the world
it's great technically I'm gonna pet my
puppy
you're my puppy now you're my puppy yeah
I'll be your coat
my atactic is throwing it against a rock
I was I was very ready to really hate
this game
I got about 15 hours in and I hated it
and you know because it's so you know
the story I hated and I was going
through the story missions and I was
going through the side quest and I just
gotten done with the side quest word
like it I had to talk to people in the
village and so I'm just running around
the village looking for someone with a
question mark over the head and it was
dull and I hated it and so then I
remembered that this is a video game and
it's a role-playing game so I can play
the game however I want and so I decided
that my character Betty boobs wasn't
gypsy she didn't want to go into any
town so I didn't and I spent I'm not
exaggerating the next 30 hours of the
game not going into any town not paying
attention to the story and not doing any
side quests and I had an amazing time I
just walked the entire map fighting
monsters I was a farmer I guess because
I was just picking grass and eating
grass I was just an explorer and it was
great there's there's a ton of hidden
depths there there's so much in the
world and you know like you can find you
know like healing fountains and you can
find monsters and cliffs and valleys and
just weird shit all over the place as
long as you don't pay any attention to
the story it's amazing and if you don't
pay any attention to the side quests
it's amazing I actually which I want to
talk a little bit about the side quest
before I go on my final final thoughts
there are like a thousand side quests
you didn't like them I like them I spent
most of my time with the game just doing
the side quests not because I was
avoiding the main story just because I
was enjoying the side quest
I felt like for the most part especially
the beginning side-quests its take
person from point A to point B they're
all they're all long
you didn't explore the mission there's
some neater ones there's I di I ran out
of patient I resurrected a man's dead
son okay yeah I did that to his dumb who
cares
okay or is he go down to bang a goblin
so they did have in the story did have a
couple dungeons which were really great
yeah it starts off slow this game but it
gets better it does starts off really
slow and and you know the the strength
of the game is you can play it how you
want you can play at your own pace and
the game is prepared for you to play it
however you want how much does it go
it's like 30 2013 for your buck a lot of
bang for your buck stamina but can you
grab them can you grab and climb Oh
oh my god and shadow the Colossus up in
here that's fucking awesome
oh yeah fucking stab him in the neck I
like this I officially like this I just
want summarize summarizer like if you
look at the combat see - see - combat
very average setting see see - maybe
even a d-plus because it's fantasy but
it's like it's that kind of Peter
Jackson's Lord of the Ring inspired
fantasy which instead of being like
bright and colorful is just kind of like
brown and dull looking generic fantasy
which is just visually in my opinion the
worst thing ever who decided it was a
good idea to try to make fantasy more
realistic no fucking idea but it's not a
good idea
no it's fantasy let it be fancy the
characters are seen - at best the story
see - the inventory system which we
didn't talk about much is really a kind
of a clunky mess the inventory system D
yet you know I first started playing the
game like yeah this game is about a
scene I played a little more skills
getting better C+
like like five seven hours into the game
a solid B solid B oh no you know what
b-plus the more I play this game I think
just because it manages to feel really
deep that it just keeps going up my
opinion of this game it's more than the
sum of its parts agreed the exploration
of the towns of the the joy of finding a
new piece of armor a new sword that
kicks ass the the joy of your character
slowly getting stronger the joy of
stumbling across a beast the joy of
stumbling across appease you because you
know they kick your ass at first yeah
but then you're crawling over and over
it's good and and even though as
characters they're creepy because they
have no will of their own kind of just
creating your own party member is kind
of neat I wish you could do it with all
of your party members more more than the
sum of its parts could google them
thumbs up fun first I was out of five
and a half what
you