Episode 028
SUPERHOT
March 21, 2016
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-superhot/
___________________________________________

yeah get my mic that gun super hot super
hot super hot super hot cat it's
annoying sorry that took a long time
yeah get that back out
super hot super hot super hot super hot
super hot super hot super hot
hi rich hi jack how you doing today
super hot hope
okay so super hot the super hot indie
title that everyone's plan genre wise I
am gonna call it a first-person action
puzzle game because every it's very very
similar to portal in my book you get a
3d environment and it's a first-person
perspective and every level is kind of
like a puzzle in which you need to kill
all the red guys but time only moves
when you it's like somebody is saw
bullet time and and said why is this
temporary yeah yeah and I might slightly
disagree with you on the puzzle part
it's I see it more as a first-person
stretchy juried tactic e-tax it
first-person just four shooters cuz you
know what I think of a puzzle I think of
something that has one or two very
specific solutions sure like you you you
get through here by putting the the one
on the two which moves the latch to open
the things you can pull the thing down
the door opens that's a puzzle this is
more like it's like a somebody took like
an ultra fast-paced crazy shooter yeah
and they let you stop and think about
what your next move is gonna be
hope cheap hope here's actually like one
of the big big failings of the game you
complete each level and then they give
you kind of a normal speed replay of it
which should be a real treat because I
think like that's the whole idea of the
game is you can do all this stuff in
slow motion but let's see how it looks
reacts super badass grab suka super hop
the problem is when you watch that
replay a little voice says supe hope
hope super hot and it ruins that treat
for me yet I will agree there there's a
thing in Super Meat Boy where after you
defeat a level you know you died
hundreds a level and super me point but
afterwards you get to see all 100 lives
play out meat splattering everywhere and
it's this wonderful reward for defeating
a level and you can do that in superhot
but you have to press like three
commands to get to the real replay
without the super hot super hot playing
and I want that reward right away and it
it really soured the reward for me
alright and that's our super hot
discussion
a lot of shooters and then you start off
you've got the simple n amazed pistol
and with shotgun gun and slowly though
add in new weapons over the course of
the game and new enemy times maybe a
larger map or maybe halfway through the
game you get some kind of like like like
jump boot power that lets you jump into
the air and this is just it's I'm not
saying this is a terrible thing it's
it's just the simplicity of the the
concept it is not at least they didn't
think of things to expand on there's
just not much to expand into you get you
get the slowdown power yep which if
there were 40 hours of that it would
probably get extremely old buried yes
you know guys were gone guys the shotgun
United machine gun and then that's every
every level until you get the one twist
is like you get body hopping powers
where you can happen to somebody's body
you know interesting new twist that I
often forgot about yeah I often forgot
about when I was playing for the
campaign yeah but once you get to the
the challenge Maps after beating the
story mode then you really need to use
that shit long yeah
like like this is 95% game 5% story and
when you're making a game that's that's
a fine thing I I was kayak Chi upset
whatever this game stopped having me
shoot things so I can try and shove its
artsy-fartsy finger up my ass which it
did a lot because it does pure gameplay
great yeah I love running around and
shooting at things and then when the
game the game game stops and it tries
tell me you're not really in control the
system's in control and and what's
really what is being in control mean
really walk through this door and look
at yourself in the room sitting down
playing a game yeah shut up I'm play the
fucking game
let me show those red guys you might
think this game that's just shooting at
red guys but maybe there's one no I want
to shoot at the red guys it's worse
because we someone recently played
through pony island yeah and if you look
at the story Pony island does the same
basic story only Pony island doesn't
have its head shoved ten feet up its ass
which would be easier to do because a
pony has a relatively long neck oh but
it doesn't do that subtlety subtlety is
really important when you are telling a
story like this so going back to portal
because they're very similar games in
Portal your character comes across the
larger world and you get little hints
that maybe things aren't quite what they
seem in superhot a computer voice says
things aren't what they seem
things aren't what they seem the world
around you is a lie free will is a false
idea go ahead we dare you try and shut
off the game
is no real control hit escape
I hit alt tab and exiled the game yeah
try again okay
there I just disconnected I see that
yeah my I guess I was in control what I
guess I wasn't control what did it what
happened oh it was telling me I couldn't
disconnect from the game and my brain
was there and just try just try and
disconnect just try it worked you beat
the game
congrat oh wow that was really easy
there's in control now bitch say I think
the game really starts once you get
through the bullshit story mode I have a
feeling the devs do that too
because for me the meat and potatoes
into something I'm fond of saying you
meat potatoes is is like the challenge
modes and the arena maps you get after
beating the game yes then there's no
pretense of losing control and we're
saying something really a but no just
his map and there's guys that spawn and
like the first four spot on the same
spot but after that it's pretty random
yeah you don't get that memorization and
you're you're trying to rank you're
trying to beat your own top Singh like
the 20 kills last time let's see if I
get 25 this time yeah and you know maybe
the sword guy starts forming at you this
time last time it was one machine guy
gone over here is Shaq a gun so you get
the variety that way your mic is all
cattywampus sync yeah
I think the way I'd like to sum up my
feelings for the gift for the game is
it's it's kind of a really interesting
premise and stunning visuals that are
kind of wasted on week level design this
for me going into finals recommendations
final thoughts this superhot is forever
a steam sale game you know like we got
it for like 25 bucks if you can find it
under 10 you're gonna pick it up play it
for five hours and then forget it exists
I will more or less agree the question
is where and where's your where's your
magic price to to game ratio would uh is
$22 too much yes probably maybe but if
you have you have money coming out your
ass whatever you don't care about it
there's nothing it's nothing like we
could justify it as a business
hahaha exactly so we're fine yeah so I'm
happy with the game for that reason but
yeah yeah if our general consumer though
is $25 worth it for about a few hours
worth of game the answer's no I and I I
don't necessarily know I know for you a
few hours yeah I do like the challenge
maps I might be playing the game more
often if I didn't currently have 200
hours into XCOM 2 so that is that is my
gaming my gaming black hole right now so
I can't say for sure sure whether or not
I would only have a few hours into Super
Hub or whether or not I would be playing
those challenge maps more than I have
and