Episode 029
Quantum Break
May 2, 2016
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-quantum-break/
________________________________________________

that was the claps to start the episode
that was the claps that I used to start
the episode you started the episode
mm-hmm oh my god
what what hi rich hi hi jack
we played quantum break and quantum
break is a third-person action game that
where you get some time manipulation
powers and is also a TV show because in
this modern age of tablets and Netflix
people are clamoring for a new TV show
game it's this year's big innovation
just like night trap music
but it is also Jack a xbox one exclusive
well and also they later announced it
was going to be on the Windows 10
operating system at which point a lot of
Xbox fans were mad because they're
they're idiots what kind of you have to
either be an idiot or just a selfish
prick to root for a game to be exclusive
well the only people who should care
about exclusive games are the console
manufacturers they want as many
exclusives as possible because that's
what sells systems now as as a consumer
and a gamer it benefits us to have games
on as many platforms as possible and and
if you're rooting for exclusive god are
you just a fucking moronic sheep if you
only own one console if you own you know
if you only own an Xbox one I could see
people wanting bragging rights I guess
but idiots if I only own one console I
want all of the games to be on it I want
my platform to have all of the games and
I want your platform to have all of the
games tool because we're not jerks I
know this is something we tell people a
lot is when you are looking to buy
something whether it be a console or a
nice gaming PC you have to look at the
games that's all that matters everybody
has the ecosystem now everybody has
Netflix on their thing everybody has
YouTube everybody has social aspects on
a thing you have to look at the games
and so we wanted to look at quantum
break because this is an exclusive to
Xbox one and Windows 10 operating system
yeah so you got the Xbox one version of
the game and then for a variety I
actually installed Windows 10 on my
desktop and I played the Windows 10
version of the game that's right we
wanted to let that duel experiment
compare and contrast so Jack how do you
feel about the gameplay in in quantum
break overall pretty generic the lot of
story a lot of walking through hallways
and then you get third-person shooting
the time manipulation stuff is kind of
fun
but it just doesn't happen often enough
what did you think about the Windows 10
experience I thought they made some very
odd choices in the game it's like uh I'm
assuming just because it's like a game
about like time braking time kind of
breaks in the game constantly the entire
time you play it really yeah it's like
time stops every instant you only get
like like 1/10 of a second every second
in the game it's really it's a really
weird experience and I must have been
purely an artistic choice because it
doesn't do much for the gameplay that's
really bold of the game makers to make
time break so often about a game where
time breaks um I can't rich I know rich
this I'm sure
oh my god this is so hard yeah because
you might not be able to tell from the
footage there is a four second input lag
alright I am going up your keyboard and
show them when you press the forward
button there we go
it's just completely utterly broken its
broken is what you're saying
oh yeah it doesn't work it just it just
you know it doesn't work time time time
time are we done with the joke yet I
don't know what's the Suzy what you
describe the gameplay like real so you
play as Jack Joyce guy man you just you
just and you're just dude you're just a
guy there are there are three aspects to
actual gameplay one is the gunfights in
which its standard third-person shooting
stuff with special time powers you can
put a bubble around enemies to freeze
them you can time jump which it means
you move really fast you can put a time
shield around you which it makes no
sense but you know that you you get
different time powers and
you kind of have these big battles where
you can shoot at enemies
the second gameplay element is very
light platforming basically just
crawling around stuff you're not really
jumping you're just kind of pressing a
button and your character jumps and the
third aspect is finding all of the
little story bits there's like laptops
and tablets all around and you read
people's emails and read posters and
pick up little story bits that help add
to the TV shows that you get shown later
and it's very strange well this is this
is in the same vein as Uncharted the
order last of us you just walk around
and story happens and gameplay is kind
of an afterthought yeah yeah and every
chapter is kind of like that where
there's just there is a ton of just
walking around and talking to people and
then maybe one or two firefights per
chapter per area it's it's all
incredibly bland I think well nowadays
whenever I see third-person shooter that
tells me they didn't give a shit they
just did not give a shit let's just make
a third-person shooter oh yeah I got a
great idea you know I want to make a
game it's it's just like Indiana Jones
but here you're some kind of like thief
with something and you you steal these
ancient artifacts you're running around
ruins I got a lot of story ideas on what
kind of what kind of game is gonna be I
don't know third person shooter you know
I really I got I got this idea I'm
really fond of like Knights but I also
like steampunk so I want to make the
steampunk game about the knights of the
round table and they're fighting Dracula
that sounds exciting
what kind of game is it I don't know a
third-person shooter that is great idea
for a game I want to make I wouldn't get
both zombies but they're gonna be
mushroom zombies it's not gonna be all
this mad his little girl died and if he
friends another little girl it's gonna
be very dramatic kind of game is it a
third-person shooter
it's just what when I see third-person
shooting mechanics I see oh well then
game portion of this was just a complete
fucking afterthought does that count as
a game no okay this is the perfect setup
the uh no that was it did you see that
room it had like little walls and like
use it use your powers okay here's the
game here's the game richest music I'm
doing the game Eugene here watches you
play with me co-op come up we're come up
comp gaming hold on I'm still I'm trying
to move okay and it's like we we joke a
lot about failed filmmakers shoving
their script into a game and not caring
about gameplay mechanics and quantum
break just gets rid of all pretense
where they literally have a live-action
TV show in between gameplay segments you
have a story game that wants to tell you
a story and people are stopping to have
dialogue constantly and you're you're
not getting into constant firefights
because that wouldn't be realistic and
they go for a very cinematic experience
and then they cut to a cinematic
experience it's fuckin redundant isn't
it it's it's insane
how often they stop the game they stop
the game for cutscenes they stop the
game for live-action cutscenes and then
in the game there's all these like
little backstory elements you can read
people's emails and get insights into
characters which makes you stop the game
Oh jack hey the cutscene looks fine oh
that's fucked up now we're going to play
a game called guess when we go back into
the game injured okay right are you
ready for guess when we go back yeah
yeah okay see if you can figure it out
you just know wow you got it right if
it's just here's my question why do
these these games these lazy games that
just choose to be third-person shooters
because they don't give a fuck why is it
always a third-person shooter is it
because it's the easiest to make you
don't have to fucking worry about
balance because you just take cover and
heal it's the cover that makes it
because in first-person shooters cover
is really hard to come by because then
when if you're in cover you can't see
the bad guys and they have the auto heal
but they don't have to worry about
balancing your health to enemy damage
you could just run away and wait for a
couple minutes for you to read you know
they don't have to worry about having
like quick smooth movement gameplay
action they just pop pop pop is that is
that in yeah that's it okay because then
they don't need to like craft their
levels for optimal gameplay experience I
just put some bad guys in there he'll
figure it out
put some put some cover put some cover
in and bad guys show up people are
making it through this area a little too
fast put some more bad guys in there or
whatever or let him get through the area
really fast it doesn't matter how good
of the mechanics I don't care it pops up
any shoots to third-person shooter don't
you know it pops up and makes the gun go
boom boom it's a game
so then we were going through the story
as Jack Joyce as kind of you know the
the standard protagonist where you're
just kind of events are unfolding around
you and you have to deal with it right
then we start playing as the bad guy
it's so weird you then control the bad
guy and he starts walking around now you
don't I say play you walk him down
accord Oh like he doesn't use it's not
Oh game play with him well you walk and
that's where the manipulating the story
comes in oh just from that one thing
like in what its own specific segment
yes it wasn't just something subtle that
happened earlier no as the bad guy you
come to a point where you have to make
an A or B decision but here's the
fucked-up thing storytelling wise we've
been playing as the hero this whole time
and then we are asked to make a decision
as the villain and so how are we
supposed to get into the villain set
like either for the first decision I
made was whether or not to kill this
lady protester that we meet very early
on as the hero yeah and of course like I
didn't want to kill her because thinking
as the hero I want to hook up with her
later yeah so then I made a decision for
the villain based off of me playing as
the hero and that's no way to have a
strong villain right it's the most
fucked up way to tell a story like you
get to choose what the villain does well
I don't want the villain to be bad how
about that as an interactive story as
trying to interweave gameplay into story
they still manage to fucking separate
them with a brick wall even though
that's the big sell of the game it's
it's incredibly fucked
so it's clumsy it's a clumsy interaction
taking everybody's guns taking
everybody's guns your gun your gun what
he's done the only way I can help
want to hit him put you in the face tie
their shoelaces together Oh that'd be
cool
and then you unfreeze time and they'll
fall over right
that would be cool there were so many
little points for possible story
branches that they really could have
given you just like an iota of choice
and iota of control over the story and
instead they say fuck it see see I don't
know any of this because joking aside my
copy of the game is completely broken I
I could literally count the frames per
second and your computer meets the
recommended requirements yeah we doubled
fuckin check this no it's a joke because
it's so such a fucking lousy port they
did such a fuckin ass on it that's what
it is it was it was a lazy fucking slap
job absolutely well and you we even went
in and turned down every single graphic
setting in the game too low you played a
little bit on the Xbox one with me you
said you don't have much experience with
the game it doesn't matter because I'm
reviewing the Windows 10 version and the
Windows 10 version is fucking broke it's
it's it's it's actually criminal I would
actually call this criminal the fact
that they are accepting money for a
piece of software in this condition is
criminal
coming from where I left will I gotta
get back to fast I swear to go
I get like I would be sorry if you
missed much with the games it's tough
because like unlike the order 1886 which
was just all a huge mess there are these
little moments the gunplay could be fun
if we got more arenas and more bad guys
the time manipulation powers were neat
they just don't happen nearly often
enough the gameplay
interacting with the story is a really
amazing idea executed the laziest way
possible and so it's it's tough for me
because there were little sparks of
goodness in there I like to fight these
time units so so it throughout the game
throughout the game there are these
fractures in which all time stops but
because you're infected with the time
madness you get to keep moving and then
when you fight the time soldiers they
can also move through the fracture but
once you kill them they freeze and so it
ends up with like this really awesome
visual where once you kill them there's
like Sparks and blood and they're just
like shouldn't be when you just stop
their equipment why do they have why
when they die right that doesn't make
any sense it listen it doesn't make any
sense but it looks really cool
Oh
so rich here I mean the important
question rich is a having played the the
Windows 10 exclusive version of Point
Break no quantum break quantum break
quantum break quantum break in game yes
would you recommend it yes because then
you can get in on the class action
lawsuit that's sure to happen I can't
wait for that class-action lawsuit the
People vs Microsoft Studios your honor
Exhibit A our one and only exhibit
please play this game is it supposed to
do that no guilty or innocent I don't
know whose guilt was doing who don't buy
is I mean that's it just it's a bad
cancer in the bag
please