Episode 037
Event[0]
September 29, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg2TldfgeJQ
___________________________________________

jarek i rich way did you play event 2-0
I was walking through the hallway and
saw a flower yeah yeah but a venture the
new game we talked to the computer what
what do you think about interacting with
the Dai 16 would be the amount of people
that were on the ship that's not the
question I asked how did you feel about
interacting with the AI hahahahaha I
liked you what to me event zero goes
along the same lines as a lot of games
we've been playing recently which is an
amazingly crafted springboard and they
spent so much time and money on the
springboard that they forgot to launch
something off of it no this is another
one of those this is the experience the
experience alright alright okay so what
event zero actually is not a couple
hours I'm done now what well let's let's
describe what the game is
I guess I'm have you do experience game
but what what you doing the game is is
you're on a ship that's exploring like
Europa and that ship blows up and your
escape pod gets rescued by this other
ship called the Nautilus and the
Nautilus is run by a weird AI who wants
you to destroy the ship's engine then
you have to work with the AI to get to
the bridge to destroy the engine and you
you you interact with the AI via like
like a DOS prompt kind of thing and the
gimmick is that the AI talks and
responds to you and that's that's that's
like the central selling point of the
game
you talk to a thing dick Stolley in the
persuade forgives corporation i think is
great it's not this is real and
elucidated it's a it's a it's a walking
and maybe there's kind of a puzzle
simulator i want to say there's five
puzzles there's the ice firm there's me
right there's the people
so there are three puzzles in the game
jack it wouldn't be narrative ly
realistic if there were a solid ten
hours worth of puzzle solving that would
take you out of the universe they're
building
baby with your volt amount of
multipliers the linchpin that holds or
that should hold this game together is
Kaizen this eccentric AI and what I want
people to imagine is a Mario game so the
linchpin to a Mario game is running and
jumping yes
so now imagine you're playing a Mario
game and sometimes when you hit the jump
button you don't really jump
that's what interacting with Kaizen is
it's not full a I I can see the cracks
easily change such an easy thing bomb is
made out of red super what's up okay
most of the puzzles in this game I only
solved because Kaizen told me about them
well before I asked about them
the genuine like interaction you get
with him there's like it's somewhat
scripted like when you go out the
airlock there's a kind of a scripted
argument that you're forced into with
chasm your relationship with Kaizen
really matters there's a spot where he's
going to get mildly irritated with you
over something no matter what you do
and the best comparison is Firewatch
here's here's the difference here's the
difference comparing this to fire watch
all right watch is a good comparison yes
yes this is a event zero slightly more
of a game because there are three
puzzles
you're not just walking from one map to
the end and the map to the other you're
not just walking from one end of the map
to the other there are three puzzles
which is three more puzzles than appear
in Firewatch and there is someone
there's something resembling a character
interaction rather than something that
is 100% canned despite the artificial
choices that Firewatch gave you pick the
three things the story goes the same
fucking direction so if n 0 feels
slightly more interactive when it comes
to the characters but Firewatch does
have because it's a craft in the story
it at least has a better story sure
I cared more about I remember fucking
name what's-her-face I cared more about
what's her face in Firewatch good old
what's her face what's her face and dude
I remember dude just here's the other
comparison with fire watch that the
stupid questions at the beginning right
you get to you get to to choose your own
adventure at the beginning that if it
changes nothing
it's oh I think like it was one of those
like choose your backstory in a game
where you're Baxter a doesn't fucking
matter right right what about you shit
the reason that I first heard about it
uuugh I saw the trailer for it
and I saw that you interact with this
spaceship through a keyboard and here's
RIT the real reason why I wanted to play
it I saw them type open d5 and that
reminded me of another game that I love
called dusk errs and dusk errs is a real
game and I really enjoyed us kurz and
that's a game where you have dusters as
a game where you control little drones
through command prompts through typing
command prompts navigate drone 3 to room
4 open door 3 and I thought this was
going to be like a 3d version of that
where there were elaborate puzzles to
solve by typing commands into a computer
the second I saw door labeled e1 I knew
exactly why you wanted to play this game
I was I I saw that and I immediately
wanted more I didn't get what I wanted
building a relationship with the AI
needed to be more important what would
have helped and this is the spoiler
territory will
here's what here's what could have made
this game better yeah yeah at the end of
the game we find out that an L is not
death she has uploaded her brain into
the computer she's kind of dead but her
consciousness lives on introduced that
fact earlier interact with both of them
and figure out who you have to trust
that would have been neat you're right
on the nose with Jevons yeah you have
all game long Kaizen we have to destroy
the singularity device it's dangerous
and uh an L saying you know he's
murderous he murdered me oh how odd who
did you know instead you get that you
get that complete moral decision in the
last five seconds of the game and then
maybe maybe I'm trying to get
information out of Kaizen without
offending him so he'll you know here so
he won't suck me out an airlock
you can't flat-out accuse him of murder
but what what happened ooh what happened
when LOM tell me boy oh yeah yeah no no
when did you last see an L Oh
Kaizen wants me to open that door to get
to the bridge maybe maybe I need to try
and secretly find a way into this room
to find out if I know what it all is
telling me true she said her body's here
maybe I could go try and find that
without kaizen knowing what's going on
and then and then Kaizen notices that
you opened a different door why did you
open a different door rich oh I got lost
you know what yeah yes you had to you if
you had to think your way around
graduation yes what are you doing what
are you doing rich we have we have to
open this door we have to we have to get
at the the plans and then you had to
maybe lie to Kaizen maybe you had to lie
to an L because you believed Kaizen but
you just want to see where she's going
with it you know I'm going through the
kitchen because I needed food that took
you a long time to respond this this
would have been a really fun experience
said you get something that's pretty
much on the rails despite their touting
interaction yeah yeah and I like that's
that's the harshest thing you can say
about the game is what they promise is a
unique interaction with an artificial
intelligence and you get pretend
interaction with an artificial
intelligence can we can we talk about
how pointless it is for this game to
have multiple endings we can this is
another one of those games that has a
choice multiple endings and choice which
every fucking game that does that they
take the fucking cheap ass easy route
out where you get to the very end of the
game and they give you multiple choice
just the laziest fucking least
satisfying way they could do it but they
could say they did it yeah the first
thing I did was I destroyed the
singularity drive and Kaizen took me
home seemed like a reasonable ending oh
you got taken home oh yeah ok and then I
wasn't going to play a two-hour game
with three puzzles that I already know
the solutions to just so I can do the
same exact things I did before so I can
arbitrarily pick a different ending I
can just go to youtube and watch that
yeah it's me and now your consciousness
has been transferred into the mainframe
of the Nautilus my own memory was not
enough to completely replace Kaizen but
now it is overwritten
you don't actually live but you you are
and I am
it's a unique idea that was poorly
executed okay but the idea is unique
just the game is shit and so like it's
not even though it's not even
revolutionary back in like the the
fucking 90s there was a program that
came with like the sound blaster Pro of
a sound card called dr. Spade so dr.
spadeful my creative gloves
enter your name and it was the same
exact fucking thing although arguably
more advanced or at least just as
advanced or you could you can ask dr.
Spade so for life advice having you know
I'm having troubles with a girl tell me
more about the girl and it would have
like the synthetic voice so yeah have
you ever been in love dr. Spade so I am
in love with a math coprocessor
Bock million 35 billion 481 1692
quintillion 740 my quadrillion 28
trillion three hundred seventy four
million ninety million eight hundred
twenty-six thousand three hundred forty
five so do you recommend not really I
don't I don't hate it it's not the worst
thing on this earth but I couldn't
recommend it neither I don't I also
don't recommend it the selling point the
interaction doesn't work well enough and
it isn't used interestingly enough right
right
