Episode 032
Gears of War
November 4, 2016
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-gears-of-war-4/
_________________________________________________

Jagr rich how're you doing today
I feel fantastic do you know my shirt uh
it's a lizard with a fire tail it's a
it's a poorly drawn Charmander because
like Charmander is a Pokemon and it's
it's a it's a character that people
really like and this is a really shitty
imitation of that character that people
like so you know we're talking about
Gears of War for today and unrelated
news completely unrelated
[Music]
so Gears of War form is the fifth game
in the Gears of War series against war I
remember most people know what that is
this point it's been imitated endlessly
but basically it's the original cover
based shooter it's not the first but
it's the one that popularized it there
was a game on the ps2 that was cover
based shooter that did it first and
nobody remembers that not even me I
don't remember the fucking name I'll see
if I can find that I put that l insert
it yeah like right here well no that's
talking about it it should be right here
really you're right now you're right
I'll put it next to you then actually
how's the little drunk
the the basic mechanics of all the gears
game is fine cover regenerating health
shoot at the enemies go back into cover
regenerate health shoot at the enemies
and it's largely pretend it's kind of a
pretend game I've noticed there's the
you in in Gears of War you control like
a fucking marionette ok I think they're
going to cover button and then there's
detectable all these technical moves if
you go around the side of the cover oh
you jump over the cover and and never
really matters except for getting behind
the cover the only thing you need to
worry about is your regenerating health
right you pop up and you shoot until
you're the center of your screen turns
red and then you just go back down and
then you wait for your screen to turn
normal and then you pop back up and you
shoots all this tactical shit you can do
is all rendered completely meaningless
by the regenerating health system
specifically in Gears of War 4 as part
of this review I went back and replayed
Gears of War the first years of war and
I noticed a stark contrast in difficulty
I was playing I played both on just
Normal difficulty in the first Gears
game I got my ass handed to me because I
was so used to playing Gears of War 4 in
Gears of War 4 if an enemy knocks you
down
they then forget about you and no longer
shoot you which which leads to this
super reckless behavior in Gears of War
4 where you just run straight at an
enemy because if you get shot your buddy
will pick you up and it's fine yeah all
your buddies run right to you like
instantly
it's like Gears of War 4 babies
I did notice that Gears of War one was
more difficult
I see we play different versions of the
game I attributed that to the mouse
because I played Gears of War 4 on win
10 sure sure and I played Gears of War 4
on the Xbox one
yeah so it's kind of like a weird thing
Gears of War where you can aim how did
you feel about that I felt very good
about that I just wish I liked the rest
of the game oh shit what else we want to
talk about with the mechanics right like
what else is there there's cover based
shooting it's the most standard thing
ever yeah it's so standard it's the game
mechanic that they shove into story
based games because it's so standard now
yeah you know what here's where I give
Gears of War for all the credit in the
world they they know it's a shooter I
saw the like the the e3 kinda like
trailers for this game it was all the
cinematic crap going on the storms and
the things falling down I thought this
game was gonna be a scripted mess of
crap where you didn't actually play a
game but to be fair you play a game that
is you're shooting at things the whole
way through gear Gears of War has a
basic formula which is you go into an
area that's clearly an arena
and you have a battle and then you go
through a door and there's another arena
where you battle all the things the
things you battle kind of suck that's
where we start into poor imitation
territory like the entire first 1/3 of
the game you're fighting this new new
faction of robot the new the new co g of
their army is robots and they're
extremely boring to fight because
they're just kind of bullet sponges
design-wise they're kind of ugly and
gameplay wise dull as fuck yeah yeah
where whereas in the first Gears you
fighting fucking monsters who come out
of the ground and you chainsaw them into
bloody pieces no you're you're shooting
at I don't know kind of like drones with
no personality right
they're boring robots I've seen robots
done fun Vanquish everything you fight
is a robot but they cram so much
personality to those goofy little robots
and the way they move it's the fun to
look at the fun to shoot add the gears
robots and gears for their just down
there well and they're just they're just
dude shaped robots and they have
slightly different robot guns
we keep saying like this is a very
standard shooter but like I feel like it
comes from a pedigree Gear's has always
been kind of action schlock I'd like to
compare it to something like predator
movie or something like Cobra starring
Sylvester Stallone where it's just dumb
action commando commando is another
great example it's not it wasn't a deep
game it never tried to be a deep game
you were a big sack of meat covered in
bricks and you had a gun with a chainsaw
on it I have John DiMaggio who voiced
Marcus Fenix in the the original well
he's in the new one too so in all the
games he boys Marcus Venus but I give
him a lot of credit for just
understanding how to make that kind of
archetype work
it's just tough guy action tough guy and
just something about his voice he makes
it fun yes I'm gonna take a too serious
oh god they're smart with us like he
doesn't take it too serious and he's not
overtly tongue-in-cheek yes he rides
that line perfectly where you want to be
the big dumb guy with a big dumb gun
yeah being Marcus Fenix was the biggest
draw of the game like Hardin vet knows
what he's doing can kick some ass yeah
and you know in a war game that's that's
a fun character to be yeah um and in
Gears of War 4 they rip off Nathan drink
your Nathan drink in a setting that
doesn't really fit Nathan Drake he's
quipping you know like a grenade goes
off and he's like whoa that was a close
one you just want to hit him in the
fucking face right it's a bad sign when
you don't want to be your player
character
shit really hate this were Marcus Fenix
his son and we eventually meet up with
dear old dad he's got that great fucking
moment when the the head robot shows up
the leader of the cogs speaking through
a robot and he just takes the chainsaw
and it goes right through it as it's a
badass scene you know what but it's a
scene that was out like already
duplicated in the game because the other
badass already sliced the head off of a
robot with swords oh yeah no citizens
here really it was the original gear was
closer in tone to doom which is you are
a badass you have a gun you kill all the
things in Gears of War for yeah you're
kind of a wisecrack man maybe you got
some history with your dad or with the
cogs and this girl Oh her mom got
kidnapped she's trying to prove herself
and also your friend he has no
personality your friend has no
personality whatsoever
what's his what's his thing no no no
personality still thing there's no thing
there's no thing he's nobody
I'm just you know I think if you think
back again to the original years you are
badass who kills monsters you got Dom
whose wife got stolen yeah and you got
Cole who was like an ex-football player
which he was an egg celebrity who's now
just a grunt soldier that was fun that
was fun it was a fun idea yeah yeah but
everybody's got their thing the people
you hang out with in the game have a
little thing Carbon like the the green
rookie yeah it was silly and you read
for him until well I'm not trying to say
that the original characters were these
amazing well-rounded characters they
just knew what they were they they took
they took something that was a simple
archetype idea badass military guys and
they made it fun this takes this tanks
uncharted rips it off and does it
the wisecracking guy that's like some
kind of stealth game where you're doing
heist that's that's what you use that
character type for it it's kind of slick
yet charming kind of character type yeah
he's a thief but he gets away with it
because how he's so likeable you got
your Arnold Schwarzenegger and you got
your Chris Pratt they're taking Chris
Pratt and they're having him star in
commando right and it doesn't work
lieutenant
you've been busy where's Minister Jin
you're looking magnetic
here here's the thing yeah nobody cares
absolutely nobody cares we talk about
how the characters are boring how the
story doesn't really work we talk about
the gameplay how the campaign is it's
just kind of like a watered down version
of the original gears it's a little bit
too easy nobody cares about that either
okay
90% of the people who play Gears of War
play it for the multiplayer maybe Gears
multiplayer it's a game that's got these
these tactical systems where you take
cover and you have a machine gun and and
this this little reloading mechanic and
none of that matters because the way you
win and Gears multiplayers to run around
like a jackass with a shotgun if you're
aiming you're playing gears wrong if you
know if you are a fan of Gears this is
all of the same bullshit that you've
loved for the last 10 years if you're
not a fan of yours it's the same
annoying bullshit that Gears has been
for the last 10 years
ya know you roll you roll around like a
jackass until you until the enemy is in
your crosshair you don't even need to
use this do you you know crush her
crosshair in front of you you just
thought up against them and you use the
shotgun and then you kill them in one
hit what if we detoured on our way to
you Kate
I told you your mother's right you'd
probably be a puddle of goo right now
or worse oh come on there's not much
worse than a puddle of goo
and if I'm not connected to the Internet
I can't play it at all because this game
has online only DRM and in the Windows
10 nanny state the Microsoft nanny state
I need permission from Big Daddy and
whether or not I can use the game that I
paid full price for so I'm basically
shackled out of the box and it's
horrible and they're monsters what if
what if my internet isn't that reliable
my internet goes down frequently enough
pure sure just fuck you you can't play
the game I can't play the single-player
offline campaign fuck them and the
Windows Store is fucking garbage
it's fucking garbage that the download
speeds are a fucking joke 80 fucking
gigabyte game like a day and a half to
fucking download it a day and a half
it's hard to tell exactly how fucking
long it took is you know the night it
came out okay 80 gigs is gonna take a
while I'll let it download overnight
sure alright sorry I started the
download I went to bed and I go back in
the next morning to see where the 80
gigabyte downloads at I see it stopped
as soon as the PC went into sleep mode
oh no no no that's that sure sucks
that's on top of download speeds that
are comically slow to begin with it's
terrible experience buying anything off
the Windows 10 store terrible I hate
Microsoft so much they're not evil
they're dreadful they're just inept
they're evil no they're greedy sleazy
and evil yeah yeah
yes Jack do you recommend Gears of War
Bor no no I don't even though like a lot
of the action is very similar to the
early games I recommend you go out there
and and buy Gears of War Ultimate
Edition a HD remake of the first Gears
of War because that is super fun if if
you're a fan of the multiplayer it's
where you get the the newer version of
the same crap that you love the same
cheap crap there you go that's that's
the new version of it that's we need to
already have that then everyone's gonna
be playing the new one if you you want a
good action game doom came out this year
doom came out this year and Jesus makes
Gears look like a piece of fucking shit
and every in every way if you if you
have to play a third-person shooter
track down vanquish not enough people
played vanquish even though it's only
available on the console and you can
only play with the controller it is
still the best action game ever made for
single-player is your plan just to
mention vanquish on the show as much as
possible in hopes that it gets an HD
remake yeah yeah I want to see vanquish
on fucking steam
all right I do G I won't rest until
vanquishes on steam and then I can I can
box up all of the old consoles that
point that's the only thing laughs its
dissimilarly
no it's relevant now the president in
vanquish is basically Hillary Clinton oh
it could you hashtag I'm with her hash
tag bring vanquish to PC goddamn it she
commits suicide in the end