Episode 036
Bayonetta
May 4, 2017
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-bayonetta/
____________________________________________

everything's fine get comfortable have a
sip of coffee I like to drink it with
grapefruit juice they say that the
amount of vitamin C and grapefruit juice
intensifies your caffeine ah but a sin
came out recently that says you're
actually not getting high off of
caffeine what it's doing is it raises
your heart rate yeah but then it just
blocks the receptor that tells your body
that you're tired it just numbs it
really yeah so you're still the same
amount of tired much don't know what you
just don't know because you're telling
your brain to shut up looks like any
good drug does welcome to brew beasley
record hi jack
hi rich and welcome to previously
recorded we talked about the newest
greatest hot releases Jack what new
release are we talking about today only
the hottest bayonetta beta - nope
Bayonetta Bayonetta 2 came out a couple
years ago so that's obviously not the
hot new release we're talking about they
made a third one we're talking about the
original Bayonetta that's seven years
old yeah that's that's too old to be a
new release and and it's too young to be
a classic it sits in that awkward spot
Jack it's in that awkward spot but rich
it was recently released on PC oh my god
so we have what we have here is a game
made by platinum that was a console
exclusive but now is released on PC and
the sales are great right platinum sales
are people
the game I can't wait I can't wait
another another platinum game published
published by Sega mm-hmm
how many games like that could be out
there that aren't out on PC yet George
what is Bayonetta Bayonetta is is a
third-person action game kind of a
brawler Eve you know this kind of game
Ninja Gaiden God of War you're a fun
character who beats up lots of things
with with lots of Lee attack combos xx
YY b and and the game lets you do all
kinds of fun moves you do like a spin
and spin while you shoot the guns you do
like a breakdancing thing when your legs
are flipping all over the place yeah and
then you do the same two or three combos
over and over again because they're
really effective
it's almost like overwhelming when you
get to that first combo tutorial to an
endless list of combos but really there
are two maybe three that you just do
over and over again because there are
too many I am I have a I have a a PC
related issue with this game okay when
the game is loading instead of just
sitting there with a screen with a one
still image it actually you can move
around and perform like a button combos
like there's a list of combos on one
side of the screen and while you're
waiting for the game load you can
practice with the compost really great
idea on PC the game loads in like two
seconds making a complete way is a great
idea
and I'm sure it worked great when it was
on console but I'm PC the game just
loads too quick it was incredibly
frustrating because that time could have
been spent learning new combos I almost
wish there was like a I'm ready button
like the gearing loaded but I just want
to fuck around and practice combos for a
little bit and there was no real way to
do that in the game a terrible PC gamer
problem am i right
PC gamer problems on the right and yo
dog I feel yeah
[Music]
because of the massive amount of combos
I was never quite sure if I was a super
badass or if I was a button masher the
truth is somewhere in the middle yeah I
don't think I was ever button mashing
honestly I didn't feel like a badass
either it's it's actually a pretty tough
game yeah and I think I think the
problem with those you know those long
list of combos is you're just not able
to use most of them right a lot of the
enemies are pretty damn aggressive and I
wanted to play around with some of the
longer combos I wanted to do why-why-why
bebe hold it a second and then be again
but I I was getting my ass kicked after
like the third button press right now
right lots lots of combos I usually
didn't have time to do anything other
than YB y or y YB y the one thing that
Bayonetta does really right in that
manner is the Dodge it has a dedicated
Dodge button and it feels great you can
all the enemy's Telegraph their attacks
and if you dodge it just the right
moment you're going to which time and
very satisfying once you go into which
ton yes
beautiful way to reinforce that but also
a way to slow down time focus on one
enemy and get that long comp galleon
yeah that being said I had my go-to long
combo
I knew it like it was just one and it
worked every time and it was very
powerful and like maybe that just speaks
to me as a gamer but I found a set of
combos that worked really well and there
was no real incentive to explore the
other combos and this is kind of what
we're talking about before with that
loading screen where if we had time just
a fuck around with the loading screen we
could have explored without any
consequences
been fun yep now I really really like
Bayonetta so calm the fuck down when I
say this oh no this is this is where
I'll take ninja gaiden over Bayonetta
I'll take I'll take combo quality over
quantity it's bad out of god you're
going to let that list on the side of
the screen you see for two seconds and
it slides yeah there's like a thousand
fucking combos yeah none of them feel
like they do things that are very
different a good combo system you
different combos work in different
situations or better against different
enemies like you're facing something
like that's slower maybe there's like a
long combo that ends with a really
strong attack but it's at the end of a
long chain let's go for that slower
enemy or you guys like a good you know
get a mid combo for general use so you
got something as an enemy that's really
easy to handle if you juggle it on the
air and that's the enemy I want to use
the general in the air combo girl sure
play with a combo with a purpose rather
than what combo do I have time to get
into I think that's totally fair I think
it's really fair and and like like we
were saying I'm perhaps this was built
into the original system because loading
took so long in those games where people
had more of an opportunity to play
around mm-hmm but because we didn't have
an opportunity and I couldn't find any
way to like go and just practice combos
you supposed I guess I'd have originally
counsel you associated that during the
fucking 10-minute long loading screen oh
I know I gotta say that's where you know
your replayability comes in this is uh
it's a relatively short game yeah I
think I beat in like I'll say 11 hours
and remember what the actual time I had
played was and every every stage they
give you a ranking at the end and
obviously the first time through here
pretty bad luck a lot of stone pretty
bit a lot of stone yeah my first two
were gold yeah and then stone so still
and
that's where your incentive to replay is
and maybe maybe they get better with the
combin to get comfortable using stuff
other than what you are desperately
using your first time yeah you know then
then you get better at the game then you
get a better score and that's why you
replayed because you want to you want to
you want to get rid of that you just own
trophy I'm going to get a platinum this
time the pacing of the game is fucking
break neck speed go to the area you get
all the guys you're in the next area
there's more guys you're in the next
area now there's lava coming at you jump
over the lava the it moves so fucking
faster and you're playing it and it has
this really natural momentum where you
don't want to stop it goes so fast
you're in the net every you're in a new
area so quickly that you just want to
keep going keep going
kept going it's like a little drug
really great pace to it
[Music]
[Music]
Bayonetta has a really strong opening
the first I'm going to say four or five
levels there are first five chapters or
whatever you calm yeah are very strong
and it builds really nicely that's like
a third of the game
okay well then the first third of the
game is really strong then we have a I'm
going to say pretty bad repetition
problem you end up fighting very similar
enemies often you end up retreading the
exact same map over and over and over
again you can see the assets favor use
like you go into that one Town Square
area it's neat the first time you see it
and then they find a way to use it like
three more times it's it's in heaven
okay now here's the same area but it's
covered with lava now there was a severe
lack of enemy variety we we get a lot of
those standard angels we get a lot of
claw guys of different elemental shapes
you get a lot of the little wings floaty
head guys I I'm gonna have an odd
complaint okay I don't think we get
enough of those standard angel guys this
game this game likes like tough
encounters with bigger enemies like you
see those those - they're pretty
difficult this - claw swipe you guys yep
you see them a lot yeah see the big dog
things a lot what I would like to see
more of is like those angels in the
beginning of the game you go you have
the system look like that what kind of
combos ton of flashy moves I want more
cannon fodder I want work cannon fodder
to play around with the fun moves on it
sure matter of that for me it it
plateaus to me during the second act and
hey it was really neat fighting that
giant monster with the diamond on his
back a few stages ago and now we're
fighting him for the 12th time
and man oh man that giant boss battle
with the boss with the tube for hands
that was an intense boss that oh oh he's
back again now is like a mini boss
oh and he's back again as a mini boss
tentacle why did it have to be tentacles
a lot of labradorites yes and on paper
they're not bad fights but they just
have too much health yeah I mean yeah
once once I figure out what the pattern
is on a boss enemy I shouldn't have to
repeat it a dozen times like remember
that that the boat angel the big fuckin
boat boss fight when you're surfing when
you're surfing ya comin Sydney like dive
and you got to wait around for a minute
while he's diving and he does that like
three dozen times yep yep all the boss
battles were very wait for the pattern
and the other major problem with the
boss fights was wait for the quick time
event
you
[Applause]
quick quick time events are never fun
they're never good
no it's always the illusion of you doing
this cool thing yes but you're just
hitting a button so the animation will
continue ah the most part they get it
simple enough most most of the QuickTime
events were mash X like there are two
kinds of QuickTime events there there
was the hair finisher where you just
have to mash a button really yes that
really to me didn't count as a QuickTime
event that just kind of seemed like
bonus points and that that felt like in
nature with the hectic gameplay you know
like okay I oh I did the cow but now I
got to do this now I got to do this that
was fine my biggest problem was I'm
trying to think of a specific example oh
so like you're fighting Jones again and
it's a normal brawl and you're just
dodging hit and dodging and hitting then
all of a sudden jean throws a missile at
you and out of nowhere it says you got a
press Y and B together but not a
finished finish point don't get it I
want to point out now what Jack said
it'd bring a bullet brawls are the best
boss fights not not not large things
were you looking for the pattern just
just let me Duke it out with an enemy
fucking always Jean was a great fucking
fight because it was a brawl so his
father was a bother
father both mother Balder that was
greatly decent brawl yeah and those the
best boss fights McGann oh those brawls
were incredibly satisfying only because
you are doing the same thing you're
doing with the rest of the game you're
just doing it harder now that's the best
boss fuck yes the exact same thing I've
been doing all game but this is a
challenge in any game in any game every
boss fight should be like that of course
of course but then you have some
bullshit in all of the boss fights even
the brawl where you know you're brawling
with Jean she throws a missile at you
and you have to press Y and B and if you
don't press Y and B you blow up when you
die and you have to take the in
I year brawl over again until that one
specific spot where you have to press Y
and B together again
bullshit quick time ago foot time events
are always bullshit
go ahead move it but one the game is
working though with with with the dodges
and which times and the breakdance gun
spins it is extremely fun just because
we're pointing out negatives I don't
want people to think I'm shitting all
over Bayonetta you got you there's a
good and bad advisor to most things in
life Jack alright so we'll change the
subject there is one thing in this games
I think it's complete bullshit ok one
thing I will say is complete bullshit
the starfox section you mean riding on a
missile the starfox section where you're
riding on a mission missile yeah and you
can't see what you're shooting at
because your missile shoots directly in
front of the missile yep and so you have
to shoot of the things in front of the
missile but the missiles in front of you
so you can't really see what you're
shooting you can't see what you're
shooting kids always see when things are
shooting at you and there is no way to
invert the controls because this this is
not a section that needed flight
simulator controls and really it really
isn't this is a shoot-'em-up section
they'll give me inverted controls where
I was fuckin nauseous for that entire 30
minute sequence of the game how about
every time you dodge the entire camera
flips like my time oh my god I was
looking for a way to skip that I'm like
this has to be optional and then if you
die way at the end got to do the whole
fucking thing over again that that was
bullshit that was bullshit i I want to
call that a little bit of good
old-fashioned patting stretch out that
runtime a little bit I think there's a
lot of things that they do for the sake
of padding and for kind of artificial
for riot
oh my god I know yeah we'll change it up
a little bit will give you a little bit
of a breather and it's like I don't want
to breather
I want to just fight dude you're there
to play bayonet up that's the thing I
want to shoot people with my foot guns
and I want to hit people with my sword
and that's it I'm okay
we're changing it up now and then but
not that entire 30 minute stage that was
a bit much agree
so bayonetta yeah the character of
Bayonetta it's wonderful what they do
you you get hurt you get everything she
is about you understand this character
just from her animations just in the way
they animator I understand Bayonetta
you could show a random person on the
street a clip of Bayonetta walking down
a hallway and they will know exactly
what she's about this is a powerful
confident sassy woman who owns her
sexuality you go girl
[Music]
you go girl
more importantly she is the character
that us as gamers want to be you're in
charge you're strong you're confident
you take care of business all the men
like you but the further down you go the
harder it is to not notice the reality
Trisha
look it's beautiful it's beautiful well
she doesn't need to say anything you get
up just from the animation and I think
that the character of Bayonetta is what
has made this game a classic yeah
in fact like her character is so strong
it even like lifts up weaker aspects of
the game like you're willing to look
past some wonky controls you're willing
to look past some repetition I'm willing
to look past absurdly long cutscenes
because I like Bayonetta as a character
[Music]
the downside to that are Jack's gonna
complain about cutscenes for 40 minutes
the cutscenes in this game are absurdly
long mostly because the story in which
we are involved in is confounding ly
convoluted and unnecessary before we get
too into that yep
aye aye aye we'll agree there are some
negative aspects but this is I will hold
this game up is what you can do with
cutscenes that you can't do if you know
with a camera and the controls never
going to leave the player you you lose
90% of your fuckin comedy I I was
watching some of the early cutscenes in
this game and I I was just fuckin whoops
she when she jumps thing and then knows
surprised she's gonna kick angel and I
got the sweet camera angles going on and
she's doing amazing things and yeah you
cut to the comic relief you don't do
that if you even the cameras never gonna
leave the position behind it's always
we're going to pretend you're always
playing the game even though there are
actually so kind of cutscenes going on
this is what a cutscene can do I will
grant you that the the the comedy the
timing that you can achieve through
editing is something that is harder to
do if the camera never leads the play
I'm gonna say this is impossible
Bayonetta isn't possible to do if the
camera never leaves the player
impossible possibly I will grant you
that the the issue to me is length of
cutscene and amount of cut I will grant
you that
did you sell fucking many of them oh
yeah yes this game may have mixed the
mistake of focusing too much on like
exposition type stuff we don't need to
know the bad guy wants to the sacred eye
to be powered so he needs a version of
you when you were younger and innocent
to learn this so we could send you back
a time then when you're in the future
you'll be empowered with the eye and the
sexy which wants to kill angels that's
all you need that's all you need you
stances around she's a sexy witch angels
aren't so good they want to do bad
things you gotta shoot and the end of
the day you have this great character
was amazing Kirk that's all you need
but would you recommend
Bayonetta it's not a restaurant it's not
a super strong recommendation okay if
it's yes I'd give it a go I'd give it a
give it a recommendation I'd give it a
like not like an enthusiastic
recommendation but I think it's worth a
play just to understand why it is that
people love her I and I and this might
be hard for people to hear but I think
people love Bayonetta more than they
love her game