Episode 048
Vanquish
June 14, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_UaQ0xmWNY
___________________________________________

arrey perfect oh great
I'm going to let it all hang out today
bridge that's fine that's fine jag
jackets here it's finally here after
after years yes yes years of of bitching
and whining and moaning my my long-term
plan has finally paid off and and
vanquish the 2010 third-person shooter
made by Platinum Games has been released
on PC Jack whoa it's amazing
whoa monumental day for me alright so
for those people who have never heard or
played vanquish why don't you describe
it real quick Meg which is a
third-person shooter and you know like
like your normal third-person shooters
is there's cover and didn't you take
cover behind the cover in this context
sensitive actions and you can pop up the
two things sure it all takes place in
this kind of techno where you most of
the game in fact all the game takes
place on a space station but more
importantly than that you know Vanquish
you know takes you normal third-person
shooter and it subverts a jacket turns
it on its fucking head what vanquish it
puts an emphasis on fucking movement
fucking movement I know one of the
inspirations for the game was actually
like a bullet health style shamone
sure so then you know instead of instead
of playing defensively and hiding
vanquish wants you to jump over that
cover use your fucking rocket boots to
go behind enemy lines and mow them down
in slow motion while you dodge missiles
that's Vanquish fast it's smooth and oh
is like crack to me at this full
disclosure
yeah Bank wishes arguably like my
favorite game it's up there it's up
there okay cool then well that's that's
why we wanted to play this you know
vanquish you actually you've reviewed
vanquish before on a separate video game
related show it's over it's above me
what above you here here waiting can you
can you animate that open oh you can't
nope
fuck you tilma can not even scratched
you did get some training in this thing
right our simulators are very thorough I
I never played it when it originally
came out so came to P say hey there's a
great a great opportunity I'll play it
you'll play it and we know what I think
vanquish right you fucking love huge
recommend a yeah yeah I'm mostly curious
what you think about vanquish I didn't
much care for it why the hell not
further all right any reason we have a
fast-paced shooter mmm-hmm and we played
a fast-paced shooter on this show before
you up do I love doom doom do a fast
pace shooter what wonderful why doesn't
vanquish work for you and yet doom does
there were a couple mechanics in
vanquish that I felt didn't flow well
together okay
I loved rocket booting around and I
loved slow-mo but of course using your
rocket boots and going in slow mo all
deplete your what your overheat meter
right and so you couldn't rocket boot
around that often and you couldn't get
in slow-mo that often also I felt that
the level design wasn't very intuitive
or open so I never really knew where the
enemies were coming from and so most of
the time was spent frantically looking
around for where I was getting shot from
and then I try to rock it over to them
and they would hit me and I die so I
always found it more advantageous just
to stay behind cover and shoot them and
there was no motivating reason for me to
leave cover and so the rocket boots
I actually found myself just using them
to rock it from cover to cover and and
unlike doom there were no health pickups
health only regenerated when you weren't
getting shot so if you did get doom was
brilliant with that tomb was brilliant
with that and so like if I did get shot
you go behind cover and when you want to
regenerate you're slo-mo you go behind
cover and when you want to basically do
anything you go behind cover
you spent you know the game where they
give you rocket boots
yeah and time slowdown powers and you
spent it hiding behind cover
I know exactly I know exactly why Jack
didn't like this game work now exactly
why you didn't like this guy didn't die
for me cuz you were because you were
playing at like years of war this is not
Gears of War everything about the
presentation of the game led me to cover
and I tried no cover and I died over and
over and over again and I tried using my
powers and rolling and it didn't work
and then all of a sudden I'd stay behind
cover and get done with a level
everything about the game design led me
to cover okay okay this to me this is
like you order them you go you know like
a fancy restaurant a really nice
restaurant and you order like just a
prime porterhouse yeah prime steak when
they bring you the steak then you say
you know what bring this back to the
chef now have him grind it up into
hamburger meat put it on some Wonder
Bread and a lot of ketchup a lot of
ketchup and then when they bring that
back to you
you take a bite you say oh this is
horribly bland you didn't need the steak
jack you had you had the Wonder Bread
and to me this the steak
didn't present itself here Spears
Warriors were I will kind of side with
you sure kind of side with you pea
I've heard people bitch about this game
before who don't my lab in this
information people who didn't get into
this game you know I know goes for the
same reason they tried to play it like
Gears of War and they played it like
yours in war and they thought what's the
big deal yeah if I if I could change
this game I were platinum I would I
would make the cover destructible if you
hide behind it too long I would have
enemy fire just decimated that cover
sure yeah okay they could have they
could have forced your hand they could
have shown you a better way something
that I really enjoyed and it didn't
happen too often is there were some
levels that incorporated your rocket
boots into the levels I'm thinking
specifically to the lights you remember
you I feel I go through the tubes with
before the light went through oh yeah
yeah
and so the laser is a big disintegration
ray exactly so there's almost these
puzzly elements where you get to use
your abilities outside of combat yeah
and I really like that and I was kind of
hoping there'd be more of that just to
reinforce this whole movement fast
rocket boots
to me it had more issues than positives
I thought the enemy variety was
incredibly weak your foot you're
fighting the exact same robots over and
over again that's that's a fair point
but I I love those robots so much their
animations and their design I love the
way they look I love the way they move
but it's the same shit for eight hours
you know how and when they get their
legs blown off and they skitter towards
you
I thought the level design was so say me
that I was never sure I was progressing
everything was chromeboxes it's just and
I get it we're on a space station but
every area look the same yeah but
there's some minor variety of minor yeah
my early one nice little wooded area but
I mean that's not a bigger problem to me
because this is like it's like a
six-hour game right six to eight hours
and so you don't need to switch it up
that much because you're going to get
bored because this is a fast-paced game
you're you're in constant action
throughout and it's short but good I
think part of the reason why game
designers very up enemies and very up
level design is to help players feel
like they're progressing and you don't
really feel that in vanquish you're
always in the same area always fighting
the same enemies sometimes there's more
of them sometimes it gets harder every
once in a while there's a boss fight but
you never I never felt like I was
getting anywhere until I was at the end
I felt like I was having fun yeah it
wasn't about progression it was about
this combat is highly enjoyable and I
can do this all day and I just didn't
feel it that's what and as end of steps
that you that's fine that's fine jack
freeware idea it's the problem with
expectations yeah this game has been
built up to me for years rich but you
know that's on me that's my fault you
you mentioned vanquish in a dozen
episode bellies I love it I love it I
know you love it and so to me I was
ready to experience this amazing hidden
gem inside alright
okay all right there's nothing special
about pankley except for the rocket
boots and and the smoothness that don't
really serve a purpose because you don't
really need them the best boss fight in
any shooter bogie Zaitsev the main bad
guy win is red suit fine that's my
favorite that's my favorite boss fight
mini shooter usually shooters like to
throw unlike the big dump tank sure the
big dump tank that's slow and it's kind
of like the chain gun they keep firing
Vanquish is a boss that's just smaller
and maneuverable and this is a perfect
boss fight for sugar because you win by
by aiming do fastly and accurately and
not just chipping away at the health on
the big thing my favorite boss fight in
any shooter he's got those little
grenades he throws out you got to use
your time powers to shoot them in midair
before they go off oh and pastic boss
fight or you can just run away from like
like this you planet Gabriel on the menu
screen horrible I play it on oh I you
want some pie Rizzo rocks I rich I'm
playing it wrong is that is that your
argument
so everyone who tells you you played a
game wrong they were correct is this
what is this the president you want to
turn in in this in this instance in this
particular instance you're playing the
game wrong jack yes I saw last time this
criticism is wrong it's like I said when
I've heard people bitch my bag was right
they're playing it like here's war
because the option is there and if they
want if they wanted the experience
you're talking about they should have
better tailored the game to push the
player in that direction okay
and so I found it super underwhelming
I'm not going to say that you you're not
allowed to feel that way
good look I got I got my vanquish on PC
I can finally play vanquish with fucking
Mouse look yeah
I am happy okay there's no way you could
possibly rain on my parade
great
I don't give a fuck about the story like
I said it's oh yeah the story's worth
like it doesn't matter like you got you
literally the entire story is go blow up
a thing it's it's adequate and slightly
psychic with its you know a US president
and collusion with the Russian
government and okay I'm not getting into
it but it's weird how prophetic this
game from seven years ago is boop boop
boop boop boop they just they just got
the winner wrong
we are we don't have just a mouse for a
bit the mouse how do you feel about
using a mouse a third-person shooter I
hear I hear a lot of people on the
Internet's talk about Mouse's not being
good for third person shooters and I
don't understand why they feel this way
and I was wondering if you had the same
feeling at all by chance I
I felt pretty great about it it was like
a shooter it was like a shooter would be
I play with a like a nunchucks
yeah and so I had my nunchuck and my
mouse and it felt great like shooting
over like I'm a Moore machine gun kind
of guy yeah shooting a machine gun felt
pretty great here that three different
machine guns Jack I know I know I think
actually a mouse might have hurt
vanquished because it made some sections
just way too fucking easy there's
there's this one on rail sniper sex oh
yeah where you need to sniper spotlights
before they see you and I hit them so
quickly that most of that time was spent
twiddling my thumbs
that was that was never too hard though
even with the controller sure
if you have any thoughts about the
length except something people might
complain about the length it's very
short yeah it's very short
I'm a notoriously slow gamer and I think
I beat it in seven a town yes it's a
very short game I know I know you didn't
like the game with that much this
doesn't really apply to you like for me
I I will take a six hour game that the
gameplay is like really fun and I want
to replay it like a whole bunch of
different times over a game that's like
35 hours and playing it gets to be a
slog near the end and I never want to
touch it again it's it's like it's like
the forty hour game distilled to only
the good part right you know like
there's not a lot of fluff so 15 20
bucks for what most people can consider
a solid six eight hours with
replayability to me that's fine let me
rephrase that to me twenty bucks for a
solid six hours a sign yeah though I
didn't think it was a solid six hours so
I don't think it's worth it it is very
uncomfortable for you
what though my favorite game and you
just have to be like I thought sucked
but this is how uncomfortable
oh no not uncomfortable at all because
we have different opinions it's it's
strange to me because we do end up
agreeing a lot like there's some game
yeah that we just don't like I also
didn't care for XCOM and I know that's
one of your favorite games but to me
that's a that's a genre difference where
I like I might not be into that genre
this is a genre I'm kind of into but I
just didn't like the gameplay so it's
not uncomfortable it's just weird
because we sometimes we can agree on
stuff okay but you know I'm sure there's
games I like that you didn't much care
for like this one I'm not even going to
tell him what it is because anyway is
said about what Firewatch Oh