Episode 051
Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle
September 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okipIlrLqvs
___________________________________________

so Jack Jack what what game are we
talking about today talking about Mario
Plus Rabbids Kingdom battle and I don't
know if that plus is supposed to be like
an and like an ampere fan with together
merged right well the theme of the game
is its merging yeah yeah it's about
taking two things that don't really work
together and just smashing them to get
like forcing them into the same room
together for marketing purposes I don't
agree with him on this by the way I
don't much care for the Rabbids all
right so what how describe to a
layperson Mario plus Rabbids Kingdom
battle hey you know that XCOM game that
was kind of neat let's do that with
Mario and our Rabbids franchise and holy
shit intend to agreed to it so you know
XCOM or Mario Plus rabbits equal kingdom
panel equal Kingdom battle is is a
tactical shooter that features a
grid-based movement a cover system and
that's done this is Mario with a gun and
and guns and bazookas and grenades but
they're cute grenades like grenades that
are reprobates it's basically a
turn-based strategy game yeah and so
what you'll find yourself doing is
finding appropriate cover moving to get
around your enemies cover and trying to
murder them
a lot of people take a look at this game
and they say oh it's like XCOM oh it's
an X come close and that's the first
thing I want to address is this an X
comm clone and rich FairPoint you are an
X come if if there could be any sort of
XCOM expert not just in this room but in
general I would call you an X comm
expert we're gonna take a quick
screenshot of your hours played right
right now what you play a lot of X is a
game that's that's your qualification to
be an ex-con expert yeah is Mario Plus
Rabbids equals Kingdom battle an ex-con
clone No XCOM clone that the same way
that I don't know halo is a doom clone
you know I mean a lot of times before as
genre is established as its own thing
you just have to call it a clot like you
know right now we're getting a lot of
souls born clones yeah yeah and it's
either gonna you know something like
like the Dark Souls like games see
they're gonna die out or it's gonna
become its own genre right and you know
the newer XCOM games the ex come reboot
change some things up but the tone bass
whirl is faster paced turn-based game
and and it was popular and other things
are starting to take influence from it
now yeah
and we're in the word a window of time
where these things are gonna be called
clones I don't necessarily think that's
true in Mario plus Rabbids case I think
it changes enough things okay Mario Plus
rabbits
there's less rng right right that's like
the first thing I noticed yes we're in
in XCOM you're constantly doing the math
you haven't you have an aimed stat
that's this high - the enemy's cover
divided by the enemy's natural cover
defense with a crit chance mixed in and
it does this equation to figure out
whether or not you're going to hit the
enemy yes
and in mario + rabbits there's a 100%
chance to hit whether out of cover half
cover 50% full cover zero it's that's an
easy math yes easy math they simplified
it
[Music]
[Music]
the negative with the less energy yeah
because it's not it's not just with the
hit chance there are no random maps or
enemy encounters right every time you
play a battle the enemies are going to
spawn in those spots and they're going
to start in those certain positions
right which i think is going to just
severely lessen the replay value part of
the reason yeah part of the reason I
have hundreds of hours in XCOM is
because the battles aren't gonna play
out the same way every time
hmm there's some especially in the
second longer like the map elements are
someone randomized in addition to what
enemies show up and their placement
every battle is gonna be different yeah
every time in Mario Plus Rabbids you
play world
two three world two threes gonna have
the same placement for everything yes no
even like even if you lose a battle and
you have to replay like it gets a little
tedious on that replay cuz you just
start to know what they do okay if I
shoot him here I know he's gonna go here
so I can actually position my second guy
here and you know you can start to
cheese the system a little bit yeah well
one of the worlds just like like like
it's like well three four has like three
maps and you did bad in the last map and
you want to replay it to get that golden
trophy and you gotta go through all
three maps and that does get a bit
tedious yeah something I appreciated a
little bit of a carryover from XCOM is
the variety in map objectives yeah yeah
that that kept the flow up sometimes you
got to kill all the people sometimes you
have to kill a certain number of people
sometimes you just have to make it to
the end of the map sometimes you have to
get toad there safely and he can't fight
because he's got a box on his head
I've told crazy well it kept it fresh
and it kept me always doing that for
dimensional chess
[Music]
the other difference they're talking
about is it isn't an ex come close yeah
this game certainly favors movement yes
much to the benefit of this game
movement is prioritized over like
positioning like I'm gonna get
entrenched in this defensive position
it's like no you're gonna jump over the
rabbit to get behind them because you
can move really far and go through the
pipe to get behind mm-hmm so it seems
like they took some inspiration from the
Mario franchise Mario's a platformer so
lots of run running dashing and jumping
mechanics in this turn-based tactical
game and it's you know sometimes it's
neat sometimes you can traverse the
entirety of the map you know you jump
off of a friend you take a couple steps
you go through a tube you come out
another tube somewhere else you hit the
bad guy then you go into a different
tube and get to a second level there's a
lot of movement and it feels really good
well you take a shortcut like to the
over the gap there's like a valley
between the two maps and just jump off
of an allies head to get to the other
side yeah isn't it yeah like it doesn't
it doesn't make the battles faster but
it does feel like it gives it more
momentum
[Music]
I think like you know they've done a
really good job of simplifying the
tactics both to their benefit and to
their detriment as far as like comparing
a tax comp yeah
for example later on you get peaches a
playable character and Peach has a
little grenade it's a rubber duck
grenade
yeah it's adorable but they have a
simplified system where you can only aim
at an enemy and so the grenade has a
little bit of Splash Damage area but you
can only aim it at an enemy whereas XCOM
you could just throw a grenade on any
tile along yeah so you could throw it in
between two enemies blow up cover and do
a little bit of damage to both enemies
here one of the downsides of the
simplification is you can only aim at an
enemy no matter what it's it's
frustrating when you know that you're
Splash Damage should be able to take out
two or three enemies but you can't make
it do that
oh listen on one of the other things I
want to mention it's not her notes I
want to mention those yeah
unlike XCOM that mario + rabbits to
something that XCOM does not do well
boss battles there's some really fun
boss battles in this which as a veteran
of XCOM I'm just not used to yeah like
they you know like you the enemy has a
ton of different classes
it has commit bosses giant boss battles
healing classes teleporting classes all
sorts of fun stuff
no and yeah the boss battles are
ridiculous and over-the-top and they're
great I tell you this I am I am
absolutely in love with the Opera ghost
he sings a Mario opera like they wrote a
Mario opera yeah and he sings it that's
great
it's fucking fantastic that's great
[Music]
now there you know there the game does
have a lot of personality yeah you you
start off the the due to some sort of
unregulated nuclear fusion device the
worlds of Rabbids and Super Mario Land
get merged in weird ways yeah and you
start playing with regular Mario rabid
peach and rabid Luigi and all the
different characters have different
abilities there's a there's like a tech
tree were you unlock different abilities
Mario you can unlock an overwatch shot
for Mario and then you can upgrade that
you get a double overwatch every
everyone has different abilities yeah
here's a problem for me is I really
dislike the rabbits alright I'm on
record I kind of love the rabbits I kind
of love the rabbits especially
especially rabid peach with her selfies
that are sass yes that's kind of fun I
just did you lose with rabid peach yeah
and your team
[Music]
Rabbids like on as far as like the scale
of things that I can't stand or the
Rabbids are like right below minions and
it's their their sense of humor is a
little too I'm being wacky all the time
Jack I'm gonna I'm gonna throw out a
hypothesis okay cuz when they announced
this game I I don't think I knew what
the fuck a rabbit was I really was not
familiar with the rabbits sure are you
just upset that it's not like Koopas and
goombas that you're fighting is that is
that part of this but I might like
Cooper's and goombahs you know what I
love the rabbits I found iPhone I love
the rabbits I wouldn't mind I wouldn't
mind a few Cooper's in there just a few
would have been nice thinking that
you're gonna have like a really need
koopa like shell ricochet attack really
every need
right I just find that their sense of
humor the Rabbids gets old really fast
I'm I'm sure that it's incredibly funny
that the Rabbids are swimming in a
toilet but that's the eighth potty joke
that we've run across in the past five
minutes it's just too much all the time
with the rabbits and so then the game I
think knows that some people don't like
Rabbids and so they slap you in the face
because you have to have at least one
rabid on your team at all times
well shit see this is the good part so
now I can have a team of just Mario
Luigi and Peach which is all I want in
the first place look at these guys well
sewn together cool hats adorable all
right let me get my let me get my dream
team here
stupid-ass rabbit are we done or did you
want to start a mission with three wait
why can't I be peach take Luigi off are
you seeing this shit they won't they
force you to choose at least one rabid I
get it I guess yeah
why won't they let me why won't they let
me have my team race no I I always I
always wanted rabbit Peach admin team
she was so funny she was fine she
sometimes there are better choices for
the mission at hand of course the point
is the game didn't let me find the best
team or didn't let me choose the team I
wanted they force a rabid down my throat
this is like two superheroes fighting
each other especially if they're from
different companies it's like a
superhero crossover yeah neither of them
can win yeah because it would make one
of the CAG just look bad so you have you
have Nintendo coming together with
Ubisoft and both of them want their
characters highlighted I get it I get it
why they won't let you have the the all
Mario team you can't even have the all
rabid team because Mario always has to
be on your team which is the other part
of it but they they meet capya the Mario
you don't get a choice Mario is on your
team and then you have to choose a
rabbit so really you can only select one
and a half team members I gotta be
honest with you as a fan of the Mario
games Mario would probably
always be on my team anyway I think I'm
just been 100% full disclosure honest of
course but they don't give you the
option and it's bothers yeah yeah it's
not it's not game breaking for me but it
did make me roll my eye so hard and I'm
not gonna say that that's what began me
losing steam in the game but that's
definitely what began me losing steam
playing the game that has nothing to do
with me losing any kind of steam in this
case but you said you liked the rabbit
so yeah I like nothing cuz I like the
rabbits but you know what you know what
you know it did lose some steam for me
was that the other half of the game the
exploration
but between battles and I understand I
get I get it that this game couldn't
just 100% be one tactical battle
immediately after the other that would
that would wear you down I get it you
need a little breather in between but
their choice of breather is it's kind of
obnoxious yeah when you're not a
turn-based battle you're in this kind of
exploration puzzle II kind of section of
the game yeah and it's just puzzles
light puzzles everywhere puzzles puzzles
and they're simplistic puzzles and these
red and green and blue and colored
blocks all over the fucking place and
it's annoying because I just want to get
through it
to get to my next turn based battle but
instead I'm doing this tedious fucking
block puzzle push the block this way and
so it's tough it's it's those it's those
puzzles that show up in the Legend of
Zelda all the time or you know like a
block is on ice and you have to figure
out the correct path to get it to go on
the switch it's this game is XCOM plus
adventures of lolo i don't want to be
doing that i want to be shooting and
Rabbids right well and you know x come
the other the other part of the puzzles
and exploration that bother me is it
doesn't have anything to do with the
main game right where right whereas in
your ex comes the thing that you do in
between is you build your base you build
you attack the tactical error of x cup
and then there's this rule the bigger
the strategic layer then the break from
the battles is you get the global map
and we're gonna build this base and
we're gonna
search this technology and these two
things go together but like both
thematically and gameplay-wise
yes yes this is this is like this is
like having a game where half the time
you're doing these classic Megaman
platformer levels and then the other
half of the game is Dance Dance
Revolution right or like a first-person
shooter where in order to reload your
gun you need to do a Sudoku puzzles you
finished you finished this level of doom
yeah
now do the Sudoku and then we'll give
you more bullets for the next area yes
and and I'm gonna say it I I hate
Metroidvania style unlocking I fucking I
fucking hate it because there's this
tedious exploration and you want to
explore because you you get more of this
stuff that lets you level up or you get
more weapons see you want to explore to
find the things of course and then you
explore oh no here's a here's a block I
can't do anything with I need later on
I'm gonna get some power it'll let me
break that block and it'll have to come
back and then you're never gonna
remember where that was so it's kind of
like you're exploring the level two or
three different times
every time you unlock a new fucking
power and this has made even more
fucking obnoxiously tedious by the map
design
this is a game built around tactical
combat mmm so you're exploring these
areas that are effectively blocky
squares and rectangles and clear cover
items with bizarre square angular
borders and they're all connected by
wacky bridges yes there's there's a
disconnect between the between the the
battle levels and everything else right
and it does not feel like you're going
through a world no it feels like you're
taking the bridge to the next battle
right right but you can't just go to the
next battle so I don't know here's a
puzzle yeah yeah it's it's baloney every
time a battle finished and I walk across
the bridge to get to the next area and I
see just like especially in the last
world and you just walk into the next
area and it's just here's all the red
and blue and green bricks and this is
giant it's absurdly complicated puzzle
you need to figure out before you get to
the next fun battle yeah it really wore
on me it wore me down
I could absolutely see that absolutely
but when I was doing the tactical
battles I was in love I was absolutely
in love incidentally yeah the the kind
of puzzle this game should have we
didn't we didn't mention these before
I'd feel bad if we didn't point out the
challenge maps sure sure and some of
those were kind of puzzle a like you get
the situation but yet you're limited to
one turn to figure it out oh man those
were tricky and you got to smartly use
like your overwatch shots or Moreau use
jumping power or something yeah yeah
that felt kind of puzzly but it fit in
with the tactical battle you were doing
yes the thing I'm looking forward to the
most from this game is seeing a kid play
this and have it open up the world of
tactics yeah genre I bet there are
people who don't know that this genre
exists and they'll play this goofy
little game with the stupid-ass rabbits
and they'll go
I wonder what other games are like this
I'm all in favor of this yes I think
this is a good thing all around yeah
existence the mere existence of this
game can do nothing but good right right
and and I will definitely agree with
that as far as final recommendation for
me I definitely found myself losing
steam and I don't know if I'll finish it
I don't know if I care enough to finish
it but I really enjoyed the battles it's
a lot of fun and so I overall I
recommend it I I finished it despite
despite the exploration aspect wearing
me down a bit but no I absolutely love
the tactical battles I I think this is a
game that can have a lovely sequel yeah
they can they can iron out those kinks
they can they can find something better
to do between tactical sections yeah and
you know what you can only you can only
expand the detachable you can get some
more enemy types maybe maybe you can
throw some like bullet bills in there or
some some other things like bullet bill
Torrance might be needing this there's
some more of those Mario elements in
there not that I hate I love the rabbits
you know you can expand on this
absolutely and get something better
Mario vs. Capcom no you know hectic oh
but I know what worked for the styling
in what Mega Man Marvel vs. Capcom oh oh
yeah Nintendo vs. Capcom tactics before
they the new B sub didn't make the
fucking game and and the RAB is there -
lets
I like the rabbit jack that's good that
the name of the game that I'm working on
is is nin Mario vs. Capcom tactics and
the rabbits are there too