Episode 039
Cuphead
October 5, 2017
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-cuphead/
__________________________________________

hi rich hey Jack what's going on
motherfucker
Wow mother fuck okay so for some reason
rich cuphead has been the most
talked-about game for the past two and a
half years yeah after every e3 there's
articles written there's oohs and ahhs
from the gaming pulpit and it's a
fucking run-and-gun shooter it's a
really good game but it's fucking contra
with the film filter over it okay so so
cuphead is a is a side-scrolling action
platformer with a slight bullet-hell ish
feeling about it more than slight more
than slight it depends on you know like
if you have the run and gun levels and
then you have the boss battles there's
eight times more boss battles and there
are running guns I've heard about this
apparently the running gun sections the
the standard the standard side-scrolling
platform levels were put on after the
fact like I heard originally it was just
going to be a boss rush really but there
was there was such an expectation that a
side-scrolling game where you run around
and shoot of things would have you know
levels where you right around and and
shooted things that they they kind of
just felt like they needed to put it in
kind of the scrolling part of the side
scroller it's it's classic old-school
arcade shoot them up where it's just you
versus a boss the boss has several
different attacks and different forms
and you need to memorize the bosses
tells and be fucking fast in your
fingers because it is difficult this is
nothing new
different weapons you can use things
we've seen before is the boomerang
weapon is the spread shot this contracts
countries it's fuckin contra and here's
the thing it's not bad
III would say it's very good yeah yeah
but it's contra well it doesn't it
doesn't
the gameplay does not blow your mind
No cuphead sells itself on it's
wonderful and unique art style no which
is modeled after these old 20s and 30s
currently Steamboat Willie it's modeled
after steamboat fucking Willy yeah and
it looks gorgeous a little bit of
Steamboat Willie a little bit of Tex
Avery oh it's it's Golden Age of
animation the the earliest fucking days
of animation not not Chuck Jones that
Chuck Jones his cartoons made too much
sense this is pure fuckin Tex Avery
madness work we're a candy queen can
turn into a b-52 bomber
everybody's got noodle arms and and
dancing flowers and woody woodpecker's
there
the gameplay is nothing new it's tight
it's a tight and challenging action
platformer and it's good and so you need
this striking art style in order to set
it apart from the I'm sure hundreds of
action platformers that are currently on
Steam well you don't you don't get to be
like one of the most hyped games with
what the last four III if you're just
contra right with just just Contras boss
battles in fact
right it's all it was all all that hype
yeah every single bit of it was all that
art style and that's what this is why
when you play that when you actually
play the game though and that art kind
of wears off a bed it's overhyped it's
not bad by any means it's quite good
as far as overhyped goes this game is up
right at the top of the list every new
boss encounter you get to is a treat you
you unravel each boss form and there's
new art and there's new animation and it
is a joy to watch but they're also very
difficult so you're playing each boss
battle 1015 times to where once you beat
that boss stage you are no longer
looking at the gorgeous art you are
frantically watching for the towels
what's that it's not just the art it's
also the sounds yeah they nailed the
sound effects and you know what else
they nail the music
[Music]
you want the strangest experience in the
world I'm gonna tell you how to have the
strangest experience in the world
everybody listening this go go go turn
around your copy of cuphead because you
bought it because of all the hype of
course uh now go into the options menu
go into audio turn the music off no play
a stage tell me that isn't the weirdest
fucking thing ever there's a weird
counter system that seems utterly
pointless because it's not a counter
it's it's a it's a way to get buffs it's
minor buff that you just get by shooting
at the enemies anyway anything that is
pink you can double jump on and gain a
bonus super shot yeah and if you get
enough super shots you can do your super
super shot there's very little relat
relat of Lee speaking this very little
benefit in it other than other than your
score at the end you get a higher score
for getting so many Perry's and right
but here's the problem with doing that
that that double jump thing you got to
do in the pink item it doesn't seem like
it works half the time and you take a
hit and taking a hit in this game is
very bad right if your goal is just a
win it seems far smarter to not do the
parry and just shoot at the things
[Music]
I'd be remiss I just thought I'd be
remiss if we did not talk about one of
the other features of this game it's got
local co-op that's true it is fun to
play with a friend though I found it
more distracting than anything else
that's the thing this game is far harder
you know you know counter-intuitively
co-op is far harder right I mean you're
you're already if you're playing
single-player you are splitting your
attention between where the enemy is
attacking and where you are and so
you're constantly you're almost like
whatwhat's reverse cross-eyed costs
called what's what's it called when
you're reversed cross I want wine wine
walleye walleye tour wild-eyed I think
it's wall-eyed so the game already has
you wall-eyed
because you're trying to pay attention
to the enemy attacking you're trying to
pay attention to the tails but then
you're also trying to pay attention to
yourself and where you are in relation
to so you can pull help yes of course
and usually you can do a pretty good job
of keeping you in your peripheral while
you pay attention to where the enemy is
attacking yeah
but once you have someone else in your
peripheral it fucks you up it really
really does I find the best way to play
this game is just to hold down the
trigger and don't worry you're gonna hit
the boss yeah the bosses are pretty big
you're going to hit them hold down the
trigger and just worry about staying
alive big props to whoever made this
game for you know making sure it was
very easy to remap controls yes because
like you know they have shoot as the X
button by default but I just changed
that to the trigger so I could just hold
that down and worry about jumping and -
that's what I eventually did that it
helped a lot yes it was great yeah if
you're having trouble with this game my
advice is to set your trigger what you
do is you set shoot to trigger and then
get some tape and tape down yes your
trigger cuz you will never have to not
shoot yes there is never an there's
never a reason to not shoot
and so here's where we get to a bit of a
conundrum for us is that's all there
kind of is to talk about yep is it's a
gorgeous wrapping on a regifter desn't I
mean like I can just state a little bit
on how tight the controls are and how
good they implemented the tells you know
cuz classic gameplay before a boss
attacks it does something to Telegraph
its attack yeah and they did a really
good job of varying up the Telegraph's
and so you're always on your toes for
each different boss encounter it takes a
ton of skill it feels really good to
beat a level I even I beat one boss
without taking any damage it's nice this
is one of those games where feels really
it feels good to perfect it yes
[Music]
so rich yeah would you recommend I how
much do you like old school running gun
games and if you like old school run and
gun games how do you feel about having
about six total running gun stages and
everything else is boss fights well I
mean me personally I feel very good
about it I feel okay about this game
okay I guess I recommend it okay it's
not the strongest recommendation in the
world for me sound very strong it's not
well and for me this is exactly the kind
of game that I love so I can you know
you like the the take your time and
think about games yeah thinking for me
is the hard part so I just like pure
instinct and so it's it's a wonderful
challenge the art looks amazing I I
think the game would have benefited from
paying a bit more like Mega Man you get
the stage first before the boss and the
warmup yeah let's get him and this
should have been more of a megaman
ripoff that's my that's my final word
should have been more of a megaman we
mom instead of just the contra boss
battles more of a mega man with contra
boss battles yes that's fair okay