Sep 4, 2015
Rocket League
youtube.com/watch?v=h9QN39i6R5Y
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/639870063307321344
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-rocket-league/

hi rich hi jack I think that many games
don't get the respect they deserve
because gaming is an art form so I'd
like to take some time to talk about a
game that has deep running themes and a
slightly controversial subject matter
that's right today we're talking about
rocket League be at the fuck
uh rocket League rocket League but what
the fuck is ruggedly rocket League is
it's it's soccer but with rocket-powered
RC cars or if you're a snobby European
it's football with motor cars also the
cars of rockets it's a it's a marriage
of two familiar things but the marriage
is what makes it unique like it's it's
soccer everybody understands soccer
right that yeah two teams and two nuts
you get to kick the ball in the net
soccer I understand that and then we've
been racing with cars and games for ever
this is since like rad racer there's
been car games right I think at this
point everybody knows you know there's a
trigger for gas the trigger for brake
then you got the hand hand kind of break
that makes you turn faster these are all
familiar things so that even though it's
a fairly novel idea that you're playing
soccer with the cars because they're two
things we're familiar with instantly
pick it up play it right away right out
of the pits gels very nice it's so easy
to understand I think you could drop
someone into this game without even
telling them that it's soccer and they
will instantly oh yeah
simple simple simple everything about
this game is bare bone game mechanics
and game design
they have a nice tutorial but when we
started playing we didn't play the Toros
like I know how to drive a car but
everything is so clearly labeled without
labeling things you know for example you
have a little rocket boost gauge it's
very simple you use the rocket boost
your gauge goes down easy to understand
right yeah and then just as happenstance
goes you will eventually drive over a
little glowing yellow thing and that
refills you're a caboose okay the little
yellow things refuel refuel you rock
foods easy to understand and then the
second I saw that the little yellow
things would refuel you like 10% and
then there's other yellow things but
like the glowing ball on top of them I
just instantly knew oh that one's gonna
fill me all of the way and of course it
did yep that leads into like more
advanced skills like and we're talking
about how easy the game is just pick up
and play decent controls you know what
you're doing and then we're playing one
day and we thought we had it down pat we
knew our rocket League we were semi-pro
and then and then suddenly this person
we're playing with just starts flying
like literally just flying to hit the
ball from the air into the goal
seemingly using hacks so you can you can
you know if you're good at the game
better than us you can you can use that
rocket booster they're just pretty
amazing things and some of the higher
level players are really good at this
game
and you know you got out yeah you gotta
be you also learned to be very judicial
in your use of the rocket like this is
there's a whole there's a whole fuel
management component to the game it's
not like regular gasoline where if you
run out of fuel you're just stuck there
doing nothing you just you just stuck it
going regular speed right but you're all
out of that that all-important hyper
fast rocket speed and and you got to
learn to control like little yellow
glowing things like if you're nearly
full but you see the little yellow
glowing ball you might want to grab that
anyway just to keep your opponent from
refilling mm-hmm cuz cuz if you if you
like run out of fool that fool cousin oh
I mean you you could run out of fuel
like it the one in the field but then
then the opponent knocks the ball and
it's heading right toward your net you
can't rock it to get it cuz you're all
out of rocket fuel how helpless do you
feel oh horribly help when you can't
catch up to the ball cuz you're out of
rocket fuel when you're out of fuel and
you just can't get more fuel those other
people keep grabbing the fuel oh god
that's frustrating
like I know I'm fucked I'm fucked
see you got you got to know when to use
that fuel and burst this is us so
there's a whole other like resource
management aspect for the game too
you just want you see the ball and you
just want to ram into that ball as hard
as you can at all times and it bounces
off walls it explodes once it goes in
the goal that everything about this game
is so sad you know what is that the most
satisfying thing in the world to whoever
came up with the idea that the ball
would explode once it goes into the net
brilliant you get a raise brilliant you
get an instant climax every goal even
even those stupid dumbass goals you just
kind of accidentally bounce and
yeah boom you scored
not only does the ball explode if you
are near the goal your car goes flying
there's horns
there's hip-hop music in the distance it
is a celebration every goal
but I almost want to compare it the way
you flip around I almost want to call it
a fighting game it feels I know I know
don't look at me like that in what way
does this feel like a fighting to me
whenever I do the double flips I always
imagine that I'm in you know Shaolin
Soccer and doing an amazing kung fu
moves with the soccer ball we're doing
our know you don't know not at all it
feels it feels like bumper cars it
doesn't feel like karate moves so he
doesn't feel like you're doing a granny
job doesn't feel like you're doing a
combo you're smashing into the ball
exactly but you're smashing in while
flipping around you don't feel like
you're doing no karate flips no I do
that's I imagine the cart morphing into
a person in doing a karate flip his
worst thing I've ever heard yeah this is
what I do
to me though you know you're talking
about like the the tight controls I
think that ties into the the best parts
of this game is uh thus those moments
when when you see your opening it's like
it's like matrix-style and your brain
everything slows down for a second you
see where the ball is going and it's
it's going at this trajectory that's
kind of near the net and you can see
where the other cars are going and then
you find your line drive around through
and then you hit that rocket and you hit
the ball at the perfect fucking angle
and the ball goes right in that net
when when you first start playing the
game everyone's instinct is just a bum
rush that ball and it's glorious the
ball jumps all over the place you're
crashing into other people it's a dumb
fun time but then as you play you start
to learn like maybe I should hang back
and watch where the ball goes but maybe
play a little zone leads to the the
goalie dilemma like we wait we first
started playing this game it sounds like
a BBC original the goalie dilemma the
goalie really important position in a
game hmm but who wants to be the goalie
it is not a it's not a prestige position
it's if you're like a fan of a sport
like a fan of hockey if you're a fan of
soccer it is a procedure position you
like the people who play for your team
and goalie but if you're playing the
game when I'm playing rocket League I
don't want to be in goal
yeah I tried I tried playing like a
whole game where I just didn't goal the
whole game and I probably spent four
minutes out of a five minute game just
sitting there watching watching what's
going on in the far distance it wasn't
even it wasn't even like having good
seats to the game right right yeah I'm
just all the way at the other side a
field of eyes on the ball bouncing back
and forth and I'm thinking to myself on
it it looks like a lot of fun I wish I
were involved but you know I gotta stay
here and go you're holding down the fort
I'm holding down the fort yeah Oh God
it's not you're not the hero when you're
the goalie you know like the heat you're
technically the hero but it's not it's
not very glamorous you know you're
scoring goals you're Captain America and
if you're goalie you're like Cobie
Smulders yeah yeah
it's it is a multiplayer game yeah and a
multiplayer game is only as good as the
people you're playing with so rich you
don't generally like multiplayer games
I'm not super big on multiplayer games
for a number of reasons
UH one sucks to be the new guy okay one
when you're brand new at a game and
you're kind of terrible at it and and
like the community is awful and you get
the comments oh you suck you suck Stu
noob
it's it's like being in junior high all
over again and it feels on a team it
feels bad to be the weakest link yeah
you're the guy who gets to pick last
something I can play too I can play too
Oh give me the ball where's the bulk at
all any anyway that a multiplayer game
can encourage teamwork yeah I'm all for
or even just flat-out inclusion haha
you're not you're not the guy I can play
to pick me you're doing something
because this is a team sport it's it's
it's not like it's not like black and
white where you killed the guy or you
die that's like everything you do you're
contributing a little something maybe
you don't score the big goal but you
might have gotten that centering pass to
the balls in the right spots somebody
else could score or maybe you're just
flat-out knocking the ball away from
your goal you know and maybe wasn't even
necessarily the big save but you just
knock down to the other side of the
field so even if you're doing like half
as much as the best player on your team
you still feel like you're contributing
absolutely which i think is a great
thing and that shows like at the end
everyone gets a score you know you can
be the MVP of the game and you get
points four assists you get points for
just centering the ball for clearing the
ball from an area you get points for a
save a goal so yeah yeah you get
acknowledgment that you're doing the
little things that matter you get
rewarded for teamwork
and that's nice
and the other thing that I don't like
about most multiplayer games some talked
about is that you know the whole tier
system where the more you play the
better weapons you unlock yeah
I think you know the more modern like
Call of Duty era shooters they're
designed for this they're designed to
make the people their core audience who
can play the game twenty hours a day
it's to make them feel special and proud
that's why you know the more you play it
the more unlockable crap you get you get
not only not only are they more
experienced but they they get the better
equipment they get to the bigger gun the
better selection of the better armor and
then you just start now you got like the
toothpick and you're going up against
its seasoned veteran with a machine gun
and you're double fucked yep you're
double fucked this that's has a tier
system this has unlockables but it's all
completely cosmetic which is a great
wonderful thing mm-hmm you know where
you get that you get that satisfaction
of the the unlock you get that you know
that pellet I got I got to the next
level what's my goody oh did I get a
wizard hat good evening I've got a
wizard hat yeah I got a topic I'm gonna
be any now I guess I got purple smoke I
can make my car look like rusty metal
and there are flowers shooting out of my
ass they even recently had DLC for the
game that was nothing but cosmetic
changes to new cars and a couple paint
tints yeah
and now here's the thing about that DLC
I bought it because I'm having so much
fun with rocket League I literally just
wanted to give them more money I kind of
bought it for the same reasons like yeah
I like these guys like the game to make
I want to support them
I also kind of wanted to be a little bit
of a completionist I I do like one of
the new cars yeah I really like one of
the new cars but some really useless LC
but it was like it was $4 and it was it
was basically that DLC to me was a
donate button
there there is there is one other thing
that I don't like about multiplayer
games in general what what if one of my
core reasons why I hate multiplayer okay
is that you you you need the community
let's reply the game right and you know
sooner or later that communities could
have vanish some day that that server
for that game you love and you really
want to play that game again but that
server is now a deserted wasteland so
with with with multiplayer games you're
it's like it's like buying a dog you
know in a few years it's gonna be dead
and you're gonna be sad rich it is
better to have loved and lost than to
have never loved at all the person who
said that never never had love because
it is never better to have loved and
lost they do never have loved at all
you're an ear incorrect the the joy that
you get from this game now will be well
heartbreak in a year but you will
remember the joy I'll be I'll be sad I
can't play that game know there's a lil
bit no you know what game I played last
night do do do you know who else I
needed to play doom nobody nobody I
needed zero other people to play and
enjoy doing
I can't even wrap it up yeah yeah we
need to wrap it up play rocket League
Jack do you recommend rocket League of
course you know if anyone had an n64 and
only played Goldeneye four-player Super
Smash Brothers Mario Kart 4 player those
kind of like split screen multiplayer
games where it's insanity and everyone
is giggling having such a fun time
that's what rocket League is it's it's a
reminder of how good multiplayer gaming
should be ok I
I recommend rocket League unless you're
watching this video like like a year
after it was posted because then by then
either the server's are going to be a
deserted wasteland or the people left
that that like that hardcore group of
like 20 or 50 people are going to have
so much experience with the game they're
gonna be like rocket League star child
and you're not going to have any hope of
ever catching up with them so if you're
watching this a year after the fact I
don't recommend it but if you're
watching this like a week from the
posting date
yes rocket leagues great yet and there's
no way to know what the rocket league
community will be like in a year I mean
other than waiting a year right so yeah
I don't know we'll see in a year we'll
do a follow up video nope
you
you
