Hand of Fate
March 20, 2015
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-hand-of-fate/

Jagr all right how you doing you know
you know what this is what there's my
hand of fate oh really
it's all I got for Philly it's all I got
I got nothing I tried I tried you know
this is but there's my finger of fate ah
hand of fate is is part deck building
game and part third-person brawler and
it's out right now for the Xbox one ps4
and personal computer system oh no this
is a setting they give you pots in the
game you can't smash them Oh
so why do you need this best pots jack
ice less let's talk let's talk about the
game let's try our best to explain hand
of faith the I think I think the
component that most people will be
familiar with is the the brawling
component which which is very much like
the batman arkham games yes you know
they even have like the spidey sense and
everything
it's basically batman arkham asylum but
Batman has an axe you get a roll button
you get an attack button you get a
counter button and you get a stunned
bash button this is like a more
difficult though less convoluted version
there's much less variety in the combat
in the Arkham games the Arkham games it
looks like a special dodge for people
with knives and whatnot there's gadgets
you can use this I think is slightly
less variety in the combat in this game
but but it's harder because the the
counter isn't quite as reliable the the
combat is is tough for me because I'm an
arcade II gamer and I'm used to
something like you know like a 2d
fighter where every time I hit that
punch button no matter how many times I
present I'm punching I'm punching yeah
oh yeah yeah you have to slow
go fuck down pacing in rhythm yes hey
singing rhythm where you have to watch
your character when you hit that attack
button your characters gonna swing and
you have to wait until he's done with
his swing before he will swing again
he's not just gonna stop looking
consider songs before before you start
swinging yes there might be a guy
getting ready to throw an arrow at you
and you don't you don't know about it
but you're in mid-swing then you're kind
of fuck yeah oh yeah and I overall I
once I figured out the rhythm of the
combat the slow pace the slow and
deliberate pace of the combat hmm I
really enjoyed it I I think it has a
great and powerful feeling to it good it
ain't gonna die just let it happen
it's so easy just don't let it happen
she would be let's go quietly in the
dark night nope not today
that's right now the thing that makes it
different is this deck building game I'm
gonna try to explain what a deck you'll
to you you go you go and do this I've
you know how many deck card deck
building games I've played how many zero
you have two decks you have an equipment
deck and you have an encounter deck and
before you play any level of the game
you get to choose what cards are in your
deck and so what you're trying to do is
get rid of weaker cards and fill your
deck with the best cards
same with encounters you're trying to
get rid of encounters that you don't
want or that you've already done and
fill your deck with encounters that you
need to unlock or that are that give you
a better reward so you can fill your
reward deck with a better bro I don't
know it makes sense yeah deck building
games I think are really fun because of
the collectible nature of it you know
like figuring out how to fill your deck
the most efficiently with the best
rewards and then having to randomly get
them like we talked about this with with
any sort of roguelike game like me the
surprise of your item is part of the
reward I've gotten I've gotten items in
this game uh-huh
I still haven't seen yet I got those
items like like ten hours ago I got the
ring of Justice and it's it's still
sitting in my deck and it says you're
new I can't even see what it does
because when once you get a new card its
effects are hidden until you actually
get the item so I've got like I've got
like five things in my inventory I still
don't know what the fuck they do yet
because they haven't come up right the
other part of the deck building game is
there are certain cards that have
challenges in them it's very similar I
compared a lot to FTL where a card will
come up and it's a little text block a
little story element while searching the
area for anything worth salvaging you
realize that one of your opponents is
only pretending to be dead should I
sneak up and kill them or flee and you
have a choice to make in this
and if you choose correctly or if you
randomly choose the right card then you
get unlockable cards should I sneak up
and kill them or flee thing I think I'll
probably sneak up and kill them you're
you're vile fucker fuck those guys
ooh I have a I have a 3 out of 4 chance
oh I did it
I didn't where's the nice thing about
like the success and failure cards
something I like instead of just like a
hidden random number generator you have
no control over it you're just you're
fucked or not you don't know right you
actually have some amount of control in
your own your own fate Oh your own your
own Hey faints she jazz hands faith oh I
would play that game and so it has this
really it has this positive
reinforcement cycle where you do a
challenge and you unlock a card and then
you want to play again so you can use
that card in your deck in your equipment
and that card might have a different
challenge on it and if you get that
challenge right you unlock another card
and now I want to play a game to see
what that car does and so there's this
there's definitely a tchotchke a
collectible I gotta catch em all
component yeah to the game which I
really enjoy I'm one has two travelling
Sinclair's she has a traveling Tinkler
he's much worse than the travelling a
tinkerer he pees on you the way the way
the game works is like there's a cabinet
yeah and then all of the the boss
encounters are like in that cabinet and
you you pick which boss encounter you
want to do and they're all segmented
basically the cards unlocking each of
the boss cards is like a save point but
I would like it if there were a
roguelike element to it where you had to
go through all of the bosses and and
your items carried over from basta
Bosnia
progressively getting stronger you know
I mean I I would appreciate that more
than the way it's set up now sure and
they do have endless mode III mean the
way endless mode works on you just you
play and play and play until you die I I
would like it if you can play and play
in there were an end goal I should have
you have to get to that that final and
boss encounter of the game yeah I would
like that it doesn't happen all right
with endless mode it doesn't have the
feeling of closure the climax yes yeah
punch the punch yes I I did it yep yeah
and and story mode also lacks that major
punch because you doesn't basically save
once yeah and you have the same point
but minor complaint I'm not gonna say I
hate the game because of it I'm just
gonna say I would probably enjoy the
game a lot more yes my name is mister I
know if you give me what I need boy I
will conjure up for your heart's desire
with my Wizarding wand of my own
creation what it's something we were
talking about what we're sure is like
what is the real goal of the game is it
defeating the end boss is it just making
it as far as you can know it's just
unlocking stuff there's a token in it
for you if you win
so what you'll notice is in your
encounter deck there are some cards with
a little skull on the bottom a little
golden skull and that means you have not
yet finished that encounter correctly
because I'm gonna say little minor story
there's one time in the game you know
they deal out the the layout of the
different cards and there's like a ton
of cards on the table like oh there's
probably a ton of tokens I can't wait to
see what I run across and like I got
like two cards into it I ran into the
boss I ran into the boss and when you
run into the boss you beat the boss and
that that match ends and I was just
thinking all those wasted opportunities
to find new tokens new items was wasted
gone and see that's see that's the
feeling that's why I called I count this
as technically a negative I like it as
well
I like the unlocking element of it but
feeling upset that you've reached the
boss and can't explore anymore you know
that's I think that's a good thing that
means that means that means the
exploration factor of the game is
working sure that's what that means to
me
mm-hmm
the funnest thing is the dealer
our main antagonist you know the person
across the table who I love I love the
dealer I love whoever does his voice
it's like right here now whoever does
his voice is really great I love
listening to his stories this is one of
the few games in which I will just stop
and listen to the little bits of
exposition that it gives
what brings you to play the game ah I
know you will not tell me like all the
rest you are silent is his there the
whole game - it's like throughout the
whole game he's just having a constant
conversation with you yes caves and
caverns one cannot hope to find
adventure without a little delving now
and you know technically like he's your
antagonist you're playing against this
guy but you're in very friendly terms
yes yes I actually really love that
character did you expect me to tell your
fortune no a fortune teller is at their
most base and despicable when they begin
to believe their own lies
overall like the table has a wonderful
atmosphere like this room you're in is
very mysterious really said the spider
the dealer the cards you know like I I
want this deck of cards I feel like I am
turning each card over when the dealer
turns him over it's a great great
atmosphere it's a great great atmosphere
some Gertrude or glue oh you know
something that I want so bad in this
game what I want a character creator yes
I think yes your random barbarian is the
ugliest man in the world
i I 100% agree with you on this I hate
looking at him yes okay that's all I
said look 0/10 food you look terrible do
I look like I'm kind of a sickly biker
maybe that's what I was maybe that's why
I died I died of dysentery riding my
bike read my hog
you don't know that is why my favorite
item to get is like a helmet that covers
your head just something that covers
your whole head and I'm delighted uh oh
god now I look like an awesome spaceman
oh wait you know what I look like
I look like the juggernut oh yeah that's
a great helmet
story-wise you kind of know how I am
with story I don't yeah care about story
and so the way they handled story this
game was perfect for me which is they
never talked about it they keep it
appropriately vague yes I mean the
important thing is the game and the
story elements are just like hinted ad
litem they left it vague but they seemed
like they had a purpose behind it and so
it's very engaging even though it's
almost non-existent yes yeah it's not
that expensive of a game and and and I'm
gonna get 20 to 30 hours out of it and
I'm pretty happy with that see what this
game I'm somewhere like right right in
between love it and and moderate I'm
somewhere between there okay uh I will
say it it's better than the sum of its
parts like if you told me I would buy a
deck building game and love it I'm like
probably not and if you asked me if I
wanted to buy a game that was just the
Arkham Asylum challenges I would say
well I could just replace our come
Asylum challenges again I don't need
that but but somehow the marriage of
these two things which I think on their
own would be fairly mediocre it works
it's more than the sum of its parts but
it also has huge possibilities for
expansions cuz literally they could just
add more cards in and it would make me
want to play it again you know if they
said like oh we've added a new deck of
villains and no suite of monsters yeah
yeah absolutely
that would work I would I would
absolutely be
willing to put in another 10-15 hours
for a small amount of money just for
like oh here's some new some new ways to
play
I played it intensely for like a week
and a half to two weeks and then I and
then I kind of fell off yeah yeah yeah
but but you know it was $20 and I I
think I got my money's worth out of it I
don't regret the purchase it was fun so
would you recommend yeah I would
recommend it yes huh yes I would
recommend and a fade Jack would you
recommend hand of Fame I was kind of as
I was kind of hoping for that rich a
little more enthusiasm yes I would also
recommend this game I think if if you
are a fan of brawler's if you're a fan
of of the Batman Arkham combat system or
if you are a fan of collecting things
like just I want to get all the cards I
think that's it right I mean that's I'm
just trying to I want I want to like it
I want to
way to wrap it up I guess we don't
really need to know cuz we have the
this license
