Nov 14, 2015
Steam Controller
youtube.com/watch?v=89qQy-rEUgg
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/665547484605870080
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-steam-controller/

okay I'm ready hi rich hi jack how you
doing good I'm just I'm just fussing
around with my brand-new steam
controller here just randomly I happen
to have this in my hands right now
that's so weird so let's talk about halo 5
so the steam controller the the steams
attempt at marriage between two warring
factions you have your your console
controllers and you have your PC mouse
and keyboards these are these are it's
like a star-crossed lovers from two
separate families and they meet in the
night and try to merge together see I
think it's more like the fly
you take these two different things you
put them in the teleporter and a monster
comes out the other side this is this is
valves
they're trying love letter to couches
their love letter to you know so the
idea with the steam controller is what
if we had the accuracy and function
ability of a mouse and keyboard with
something you could just pick up and
hold in your hands while sitting on your
couch yeah what if we had that what
would that be like what would that be
like I don't know I don't know no it has
a couple really unique functions the
biggest of which are these dual track
pads yes that's the whole thing that's
the selling point like the original
version of the controller that they
showed a couple years ago or a year ago
there were there weren't there wasn't
any of this ship they didn't have the
buttons didn't have the analog stick I
mean it was just a thing and you held in
your hands and had two giant track pads
on it right the idea is that the track
pads replace the mouse and for anyone
who's ever used a trackpad like on the
laptop you could you you know exactly
what they are you put your finger on it
and it's like a mouse but it's your
fingers your mouse yeah so some of the
other things that make this more than
your average controller is the triggers
have two poles they have a soft pole
which is like a hair trigger just
touching it and then they have a
secondary click I know their controllers
have done other controllers done that
but you know if for anyone coming for I
like for me I came from the wired Xbox
360 controller and I think that's a
popular gaming controller
and that only has a one-stroke trigger
the other thing that this controller
comes with motion controls you can
tilted not a very publicized thing but
actually works really well in game I
like the motion controls also we have
the flappers but as you as you call them
well cuz you know you got the triggers
you got the bumpers and so what are you
gonna call those you call the flappers
because you go like this
now I'm gonna say I think these are
great the flapper the flappers are great
this is they're they're a nice extra
button to have in there because as a
mouse and keyboard guy I'm used to
having like like I use a number pad not
the full keyboard is just a separate
number pad I got like 17 full keys on
the keypad and then outside of the mouse
with the regular you know left and right
mouse button the middle mouse button
I've also got a mouse it's got four
buttons on the side so I'm used to
having like 25 buttons at my command and
for me going to a controller I just see
the limitations I go my god I got four
buttons here I got four things there and
like it like I got like a third the
number of buttons I'm used to having I
like the idea of buttons on the back my
problem is these are large like the
flappers take up the entirety of the
backside and so I found myself
accidentally triggering the flappers
when I didn't intend to I don't think I
ever really did that okay so that wasn't
that wasn't that an issue with me at all
sure the other thing that sets the steam
controller part and it's both a positive
and a negative extreme customizability
is that a word custom ability
customization customization extreme
customization you I think you're
underselling it by saying extreme
the amount of things you can change
everything every single thing you can
change not only is every single button
trigger motion control thumb slider
customizable it is customizable per each
game like like here's here's the degree
of customization you can do like the
normal analog stick like you can you
know other than the up-down left-right
if you push it like all the way to one
of the edges you can have like the ring
around the edge do an entire separate
thing not only that you can double the
amount of buttons you have by assigning
one button to be a shift shift can mote
what you can assign one button to be a
mode shift where you press that button
and now every other button does
something completely new you nearly
double the amount of buttons you have
with that like I said this is the big
pro and con X you know the the vastness
of the universe of possibilities is that
your fingertips the only problem is the
vastness of the universe of
possibilities is at your fingertips and
I want to say that can be overwhelming
to a couch gamer it's not only
overwhelming it's time it's like oh I
can't I just want to sit down and play
this new game oh wait I need to take an
hour to bind all of my keys to the
proper controller settings before I can
play the game that I want to play and
it's true you only have to do that once
but you have to do it once for every
single game well here yet yes and no
because for one I mean a lot of a lot of
a lot of the games you can currently
play with this haven't been built with
this in mind right so I think games
coming in the future they're gonna have
their own presets that probably take
better advantage of the steam controller
than most of the games we played with it
sure
so if you're not comfortable with the
ultra customization there's probably
gonna be a decent preset then then you
have the community presets and people
make their own and if you don't want to
set it up yourself you just you just
scroll through and what does what other
people come up with yeah that looks like
it'll work its popular I'll use that
it took me four hours of going through
menus reading the FAQ and watching
online tutorial videos before I could
play any game with it there's a little
bit of a hurdle there's a little bit of
a learning curve in messing around with
the steam controller which again they're
trying to bridge you know they're trying
to bridge the divide freedom isn't free
that's what I'm saying
that's what I'm saying if if you want
control over your own destiny that's the
price you pay as a controller guy this
doesn't feel right in and you know like
I'm a big guy like I have big hands but
still like the bumpers are just a little
bit off like you have to like you know
like my fingers are on the triggers you
have to like stretch up to hit those
bumpers that is the weird thing I don't
know I think because you can you can you
can physically see like the bumper much
higher than the trigger
yeah the bumper is set up and well it's
certainly not a deal breaker for me I
mean it does feel like you have to move
your finger more to get on top of this
rather than just moving it oh I like
other controllers you can kind of flick
but keep your finger on the trigger for
the steam controller you have to remove
your finger from the trigger to hit the
bumper and it's a weird design choice I
don't I don't get why the bumpers giant
the bumpers giant and not only that the
the buttons the front buttons seem
redeem the track man this is this is the
compromise though for the trackpad they
need what they needed was thumb aerial
and you saw on the original version of
controller didn't have these buttons
it's all just thumb area yeah but then
people wanted buttons see they had
trained balanced thumb trackpad size to
button size and you can see you can see
just looking at them that the Xbox
buttons are just giant in comparison to
these buttons because they have to make
me small and put
the corner to make room for the trackpad
I found myself frequently going to hit
the X button and my finger would would
end up pressing Y transitioning from the
trackpad to the buttons is not fluid and
it's not natural some of that and to be
fair could just be because normally on
controllers the button pad is kind of
above your thumb area so some of that
could just be a lifetime of moving your
thumb the other direction I don't know I
didn't it didn't feel natural though you
know at first when they when I switched
the designer on before they had the
analog stick in the buttons when they
added those in I thought at first that
that was just a kind of a compromise to
easing the people who are used to using
a regular controller but now I'm
thinking that maybe that's not a
compromise maybe that's just kind of an
acknowledgement of the failure of the
the trackpads
there is a problem there is a
sensitivity problem with the steam
controller where it's true you can get
incredibly accurate but you need to turn
the sensitivity way down and then you
know you get that fine mouse movement of
the of your thumb but then you can't
look around you can't turn so then you
turn the sensitivity up a little bit and
a good turn just fine but then you can't
even properly there were there was a
that it was too much of one thing or not
enough of the other did you play around
with the trackball settings much cuz you
can turn like the trackball all the way
up and then put on the turn you're gonna
do like like that's spin where you're
not you're you just it's like a leap of
faith just just turning around that is a
leap of faith spin spin well oh oh no
I've gone I've turned around too much I
met it might as well make the whole 360
and that'll that'll write me even with a
controller again completely admitting
that a mouse is more accurate with the
controller when you press left you move
in a straight even line you can mentally
make those calculations to where your
cursor will end up at the end or in the
middle of that curve a mouse of course
you can get
really quickly but with a controller
nice even straight lines with the
trackpad is all over the place it's just
like having a very tiny mouse pad now in
an in a first-person shooter when you
use a mouse you have this incredible
machine controlling the mouse complete
full range of motions large movements
small movements fine motor skills mixed
in with a neural network that's faster
than any supercomputer like a hundred
bustles in the arm you got the
everything the fine control with the
wrists your fingers are doing things
with the mouse you get the big motion
and then the settling in with the
fingers a bit and this is all your big
fat thumb basically you're you're you're
trying to do this fine motion with what
is essentially of just a clamp this
thing this thing was built to grab
bananas so it is can't control nothing
like my overwhelming concern with this
was with shooters first-person shooters
because the one thing I can can't
replace is that that Mouse and a shooter
I mean I need that that precise aiming
so I mean I played a lot of different
shooters I played some old-school
fashions I played some quake 2 I played
some doom that I played some more modern
ones I played some Far Cry I could never
get this sensitivity to something I
liked eventually what I did I found work
best was for the gross large movements I
was using the trackpad and the one I
needed to aim
I used the separate motion controls I
found that works ok ok but I mean at the
end of the day if I'm aiming with the
motion controls then what's the what's
the purpose of this this ends up being
pointless I were coming where we're
starting to get into the negative side
so I would like to just pepper in a
little bit of positive it which is um
they tried and I don't want I don't want
that to sound like disparaging because I
think science is all about failure you
know you need to figure out what doesn't
work in or
to find out what does work and a lot of
the next generation of controllers that
are coming out are basically more
expensive versions of the controllers we
already have yeah and valve is trying
something new I don't think it worked
but but we should applaud them for
trying
III would compare this thing to a spark
a spark is a utensil with the properties
of both a spoon and a fork but the
functionality of neither you try to you
try to you try to eat eat soup with your
spork and you know you can kind of do it
but there's gonna be some dribble from
the thing and if you try to like like
have like like a plate of like potato
chunks with some kind of nice sauce on
it you can't really stab that with these
Porky's cannot got out awkwardly you
know just scoop it this is a piece of
hardware with the properties of both a
controller and a mouse and keyboard and
it doesn't really have the full
functionality of either it doesn't do
either thing better like that well
better that's the key because you know
we played some generic controller games
like like a rocket League or Super Meat
Boy or you know just just do stuff that
wouldn't even use the track pads and the
climb as it worked it worked yet at work
adequately as a controller but it
wouldn't replace this a controller it
wouldn't replace the controller like I'm
playing rocket League with this yeah
okay sometimes I'm hitting the wrong
button no but it works oh we all works
oh oh this also works I didn't need this
and then when I'm playing a shooter like
we did a little bit of testing where we
played a few different games with book
regular troll or the steam controller
and a mouse and keyboard and this ferret
about is where as well for me in a
shooter as the regular controller did so
what's the point the the big hope is
that
the couch accessibility right if you are
playing your games on your TV and
sitting on your couch it's a little
difficult to set up your mouse and
keyboard and so you pick up a controller
and you got your controller and that's
more comfortable you have a fifty dollar
steam controller to play with a mouse
game on the couch that's that's handy
you could find this in a dumpster there
you go I saw a problem I solved the
fucking problem that that had entire
like a staff of 100 valve engineers did
they create this thing I solved it with
a board I found in the dump
I got a wireless keep most I got a
wireless number pad that I usually add
same usually on the end of the couch I
got that on the the arm of the couch I
could play shooters just fine from my
couch so rich yep would you recommend
the steam controller if you're looking
to play like a shooter from your couch
like like on one end of the spectrum you
have accuracy of mouse and keyboard and
then here's your controller like like
playing with a steam controller it felt
like somewhere in here it's it's not
much better than using a regular
controller so if you're if you're
looking to place shooters on the couch I
don't think it's really worth it
if you really have some kind of
overwhelming desire to rebind the keys
on your controller and you're fucking
too lazy to download like joytokey
for free this will let you do that in a
very complicated manner that's actually
probably much more difficult to use than
joy to key but I guess it would do that
it's not I mean I hate to say it I mean
I I had high hopes for this I'm willing
to embrace new technology yeah so it's
not like I'm afraid of change it's just
I don't think this is worth it
you've meshed two things together and it
doesn't do the controller better than
gonna control her and it doesn't do the
keyboard better than a keyboard so I
don't think it's needed
yep and coming from the controller side
of things I also don't recommend it did
you notice any kind of improvement and
aim accuracy other than it just being a
hassle to set up no I could never get
the sensitivity right and and it like
we're certainly it's an understatement
to say you can adjust the sensitivity
there are like six different things you
can adjust in the sensitivity categories
there's a million things to adjust and I
spent a lot of time trying to find that
perfect setting I mean if the steam
controller were even close to the
performance of a mouse and keyboard I'd
use it every now and then just just you
know so I don't have to go through the
hassle of dragging this out spork
yeah yeah spork spork spork spork spork
spork spork spork spork work
listen
