Sep 27, 2015
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
youtube.com/watch?v=BUytlAKC9Rg
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/648150116860325888
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-metal-gear-solid-v/

rich wait I got a thing on my shirt it's
standing out because it's a black shirt
so this little piece of lint or whatever
it is is just it's horrible
so middle Metal Gear Solid 5 that's the
big game and there's some things we
should talk about sure are we get into
what our history with the series cuz
this is this is a long-running sting
here this like the v game but there have
been like 20 of them really yes
personally the last Metal Gear Solid
game I played was metal gear solid for
the PlayStation I had no idea you were
so feminine this is no time to try and
hit on the snake
besides hits a waste of time when I
joined up he gave me psychotherapy to
destroy my interest in men and then I
played a little bit of Metal Gear Solid
2 and the story started getting a little
too wacky for me mm-hmm and then I kept
hearing that the story got whackier and
whackier and the cutscenes got longer
and longer and so it's just been a
series I've never given much thought to
but snake you're a hero aren't you
I'm just a man who's good at what he
does killing see actually you you
wouldn't know this but I was actually a
huge metal gear fan when I was we a we
child that's when the you know the the
original Metal Gear actually the port of
the original Metal Gear was available on
the nest and oh god that I love that
game because it did something that games
back then never did it did it did
stealth maybe a little bit poorly but it
tried and I love that so then I was
really excited when Metal Gear Solid
came out on the PlayStation but oh yeah
I remember Mel here I love Metal Gear
and then I played it and I will show you
my psychokinetic power
but you control the floor put it down as
fast as you can
that's good now I will move your
controller by the power of my will
what we know very little about the
universe of Metal Gear Solid
but we're jumping in we're jumping into
Metal Gear Solid 5 and I don't think I
don't think it's a lot to ask because I
think people are jumping in at this
point mm-hmm so let's get to the game I
walk around my box for a little bit
don't mind me I'm in a box what Jeep and
I really do want to start this off on a
positive note I want to start off by
talking about something that I really
really enjoyed which is the gameplay
yeah the missions the individual
missions are so satisfying and so much
fun this is the nonlinear experience I
always wanted out of the series Metal
Gear 5 once you get past the horrible
first hour of the game
drugs not working
they throw you in Afghanistan and you're
on a horse and it's a yeah you got to
rescue this guy you got three days there
might be some Intel in that one town but
you can go right to where we think he is
you're it's all up to you now do what
you want Wow I was in the driver's seat
I was like oh okay well I think I'll go
to that town I'll find the Intel and all
know exactly where to go but I could've
just one ride to the town and fucked
around so I found him it was I was up to
me how to proceed I loved it the the
basic is sneak into a place and do a
thing and that thing is like you either
need to kill someone you need to rescue
someone you need to gather Intel I need
to blow up some things you need to blow
up a thing but how you do that like not
not just in the world the world is open
but in each individual mission it's also
open it's just a town in a desert you
can come in from any direction much to
the game's credit you get to choose how
you play it I personally murdered
everyone because that's the kind of
player I am I would sneak in hold a
guard get all the Intel I could out of
the guard and stab his fucking neck and
then toss him in a dumpster and it was
great
see for me rather than just murdering
everybody I'll look maybe I'll look for
that one guy I think I need to take out
to get where I'm going and then get him
out of the way but I try to avoid as
many people as I can rather than causing
a lot of ruckus it's a different play
style they both work they both work and
as I went through the game and became a
little more impatient with it I did some
missions full-on guns blazing no
silencer no nothing throwing grenades
and the biggest machine gun I could get
my hands on and that also worked and so
I think that's that speaks very highly
to the game different ways of going
about it
all Valentin that's a wonderful
beautiful non-linearity there there was
a lot of fun in the individual missions
there's there's a lot of thought they
put into the world like he said the
shift changes there's different like
guard emplacements a day at night I
didn't
know that when we're streaming before I
was like that honeybee mission you said
you just went down into the valley and
ran to the other side I didn't do that
when I was playing cuz it was bright
daylight and during the day there were
guards everywhere with clear vision on
that valley going fear and I thought
there's no way I'd even make it through
there why would I even bother
apparently at night different story I
like that that night the guards nap
this is a real thing where you'll burst
into a room and there's just a guard
napping and if you make too much noise
they'll wake up or he'll just wake up
randomly and you didn't scan them it's
great there's a lot of a lot of depth
and attention to detail yeah in the
gameplay okay good buddy to it I went to
him next go don't care let me got out
just hey casual casual casual horse
casual horse casual horse don't mind me
I think they noticed you know can you
get on the other side man I think I'm a
shoe horse wait are they coming back for
you
nope they're going away
fuck you that word you know one of my
favorite parts my mission and this might
sound incredibly boring but
reconnaissance yeah every mission
revolves around a town or an outpost or
something and so you can spend as much
time as you want just looking in your
binoculars and then you know once you
look at someone with your binoculars it
kind of marks them on your map the
reconnaissance felt very real it felt
exactly like something a spy would do
they're not rushing into a mission I'm
gonna take my time gonna look at where
everyone is gonna see what they're doing
it's a very nice compromise a compromise
a compromise modern stealth games ever
since Arkham it's all been about the
magic vision you turn the magic vision
on you kneel right where everybody is
you they do that in Batman
do that shadowhornet I do that in a lot
of games now and for me that takes away
a lot of what makes stealth immersive it
was that tension where you might get
caught at any moment it's kind of been
robbed by the magic vision the the magic
x-ray got magic x-ray goggles and this
game is a nice compromise because you
kind of have that magic vision but for
one you have to earn it by focusing on
this is something you actually do to
mark a guy and you still you're never
sure you got everybody so there still
could be that guy you didn't know about
around the corner so there's still the
tension oh wait for you no I don't you
know what I got you know what I hate hmm
I will say this the item problem it's
like it's like making me wait supply for
a menu option to take hold a brother I'm
waiting an hour
yeah that's world but I need several
things then I'm waiting here for 20
minutes honey I hate that no the team
room I should know see this is wait this
is fucking time wasted but anyway he
ever do this you know the the problem
for me having played so much of the game
is the missions do get repetitive for me
yeah break into the place and do the
thing sneak into the dusty town and kill
the guy sneak into the dusty town and
rescue the guy sneak into the dusty town
and kill the guy sneak into the dusty
town so you can blow up the tank sneak
into the African town to kill the guy
sneak but Jack isn't that every game it
is every game Super Mario Brothers in
the stage one one you're jumping on
goombas and going right in in world
eight three you're jumping on goombas
and going right here's the difference
okay world and enemy variation Mario
your fear and fucking castle will land
you're underground you're underwater now
you're in the dust either you're in the
planes also Mario Brothers you can
in like an hour isn't isn't it fair
though to say though that Metal Gear 5
because the nonlinear nature of the game
you can change up your play style if you
get bored also you are you are
eventually researching and unlocking new
equipment you can use like maybe you can
you can develop the walking tank legs to
run into a base and just shoot
everything maybe maybe maybe instead of
bringing your horse you bring your dog
who does different things and the horse
does or you bring quiet
different you bring a different buddy
with you there's there's some ways you
can shake it up and things are different
there are but I think eventually in any
video game as a player you are only
looking to do things the most efficient
manner and it didn't have a strong story
to carry me over the repetitiveness and
it didn't have characters I cared about
to carry me over the repetitiveness I do
think that is a fair complaint yeah we
were dogs alright slinking around out of
cypress site picking up whatever kind of
dirty money we could find
you name it we did it
you see this
Diamond Dogs our new home phantom of our
former selves don't be confused I think
you're the bad guy what the goal of the
game is to raise a private military
organization that will kill anyone for
money they also have a nuclear weapon in
what sane world is this a good thing
and you're the good guy apparent you're
the protagonist at least and it's your
job to kidnap people and force them to
work for you that's my opinion on the
base management we all more restraining
it was up
is this really a part of the fantasy
that we want you're the badass soldier
who can take down anyone and you're in
charge of this military organization no
and I'll handle the personnel decisions
what office what office is this guy
working in you know officer Jones has
really been he's been out sick a lot
lately you might need to collate his
medical records better so like base
management you have to allocate
resources you have to build new
platforms you have to tell soldiers what
division they're going to be working and
you have to look through their personnel
file to see what they're best suited for
and place them in the right and place
them in the right field and you have to
look out for personality differences
between the crewmates to make sure that
no one has conflicting shit to be fair I
don't I don't know how much attention
needed to pay to that minutia you might
you might have a less efficient evil
mercenary organization if you don't pay
full attention to it I like I like the
way you build new equipment you have to
build up your research and development
you have to find the right people out in
the field and it just adds like an extra
objective when you're when you're trying
to break that guy out of prison and
you're scanning guys and your goggles
you see this one guy's got a really nice
score in the research and development
category once you scan and and it's
kind of a neat little thing where you
might want to go out of your way to
kidnap him and force him to work for you
you know when you're on the young you're
on the mission to rescue this horrible
mistreated prisoner of war
Yanni's has been in this jail cell you
see the horrible conditions they're in
and like on your way to the jail you
hear like radio things you know
so-and-so prisoner has been murdered she
didn't get there fast enough to save
that one guy then you extract them out
of the base and you got them on the
ground and then you put the balloon on
his back and then the balloon takes up
and it kind of floats there for a second
and then he calmly goes is the balloon
flies up there
sign up completed they literally go ok
snake now you have three other prisoners
if you don't get to them soon they're
gonna die
the guards are beating them mercilessly
right now
while raping them you gotta get him so
I'm rescuing goofy it's not like a
military game that has silly and
fantastical aspects it's a serious
military game or a silly game or a
fantastical science-fiction magical game
and these elements don't mix properly
the series is fucking tone-deaf because
you have you have the opening horrible
sequence where you're you're in bed you
wake up out of a nine-year coma and then
the doctor shows you your x-rays and you
see the x-rays and all this horrible
shrapnel you have in your body very
serious you don't have your arm and then
your character freaks out because he
sees lost his arm he's lost everything
and he's just got this plastic hook on
his arm now and it's the horrors of war
and then a little girl floats down the
hallway and her hands are on fire and
she summons a D and she summons a demon
man who spurns fire out it's like you go
through all the trouble to set up the
serious dramatic shit and then you you
you you fucking shit all over it
but so then it's like okay maybe that's
the thing maybe this is a fantasy game
during that opening cinematic the little
girl summons a whale made of fire that
eats a helicopter and then the fire
demon rides a unicorn that's also on
fire and chases you through the woods so
you say okay fantasy let's get weird
let's go to Afghanistan and rescue
prisoners of war it's like pick a tone
pick a fucking tone you can do silly
there's nothing wrong with silly but
don't don't do silly and then just
suddenly William we're realistic
military I lost my arm oh the horrors of
war and you
horn 4 years ago the Soviets invaded
Afghanistan Muslims are fighting back
with Western support Miller was training
Mujahideen rebels when he was captured
by the Soviets in an in a game like this
or in any game with a strong narrative
element what is the purpose of the store
what's the purpose of a narrative in
this game two to two to give you more
context to build a world that you can
get engrossed in and absorbed into to
enrich the experience by grafting on
some kind of story and fantastical
wonderful flavoring onto your pure
gameplay I also think that narrative
elements whether they be story or
characters can help even out gameplay
issues and this is my real problem with
Metal Gear is I think that the
difficulty curve is a little too
straight and I think that the missions
get a little too repetitive and the
story is batshit insane and the
characters are one-dimensional so
there's nothing compelling me to play
the game more basically the game is fine
whenever nobody is opening their big fat
stupid mouth and if I actually like the
world and the characters I would
probably love the game a lot more than I
do
it's Metal Gear does this amazing thing
where it is at both times bland and
incomprehensibly complicated if you look
at every single individual mission I
loved it
yeah the the reconnaissance the sneaking
the the the tension in every single
mission I loved but there was just
nothing compelling me to keep doing it
it exists in a vacuum because your brain
has disassociated itself from the story
exactly
you monster you goddamn monster did you
just kill your horse it's fine he's fine
sure sure I'd you're a screw going to
war and the horrors you've unleashed
upon the Afghan people that that means
you're a big meanie this character is
the villain of the first two Metal Gear
games oh is it okay so quiet story
characters in the game a gameplay
element that I really enjoyed is the
buddy system you start off with your D
horse and you can bring your your horse
on missions with you and you know that
makes it easier to get around and event
and then eventually you get the D dog
you get a little puppy and the puppy can
go on missions with you and you can
order the puppy to like sniff around and
he can help you find bad guys and you
get to a story mission where you obtain
quiet and quiet is a super soldier
sniper who doesn't speak who is also
wearing no clothes because the writer
and director of this game is a 12 year
old boy a quiet became a character that
I bonded with incredibly she's the
silent character and for some reason she
has grown attached to snake even though
like we start off shooting each other
and and like in my head the story I made
up was like there was a a warrior
respect you know like she's a good
sniper you're a good soldier that's the
only way it makes any kind of sense but
okay sure yeah the thing with the
buddies is the more missions you go on
with them the more you raise your bond
level and then the more you bond the
more weapons or stuff that you can buy
for your body and with quiet you can
like order her to scout out an area you
can order her to different sniping
positions and in the game she has your
back
and character wise that really resonated
with me like someone who has my back and
and she does this thing cuz she's quiet
she doesn't speak at all she hums softly
in your ear and so I'm I'm really
enjoying her as a character and then you
have these scenes where the more you
raise your bond level with her the more
sexy erotic stuff she does around you
and it was really off-putting to me it
was just so exploitative you know like
eventually you raise your bond level
enough and she'll shower in front of you
it made you feel skeevy like but Jack
once you find out why she's nude
you'll feel terrible about what you said
and thought so the reason why she's nude
is because she breathes and drinks
through her skin and so if she put
clothes on she would suffocate and when
I was a 12 year old boy I came up with
all sorts of reasons for women to take
off their clothes that made an equal
amount of sense I I can understand and
tolerate sex appeal that doesn't offend
me I'm actually more offended that
they're trying to find some kind of
bullshit reason to justify it just just
be honest about what it is don't don't
play games no and there's nothing wrong
with a sexually positive character
there's nothing wrong with an attractive
woman in your game but once you start
adding bullshit reasons like that you
know you're just a purse you can see
straight through it
Oh God quiet after you raise your bond
level is doing yoga poses in the
helicopter literally like presenting to
you and after you raise your bond level
to a hundred percent she gets up right
in front of you the helicopter and
shakes her tits at you it's horrible
it's it's deplorable and Jackie or
you're the only straight man I've ever
known
who would say that a woman shaking her
tits in your face is horrible it's only
horrible because of how do
niall it is it feels horrible because
they're trying to sell it as something
deep and serious when it is just blatant
tiene yeah don't don't do it man he's
your buddy he takes you places he goes
he goes hey friend why are you standing
over there friend that seems really
weird I'm just gonna eat some hay and
think about my wife and horse to him you
horrible dickhead final thoughts I guess
we could work this into final thoughts
whether or not I recommend this game to
someone depends entirely on their
bullshit tolerance capacity yeah I am
NOT gonna recommend it we kept because
the story is so dumb that you stopped
paying attention to it and then the
missions get repetitive okay see I'm
well aware that you audience you love
this you love the Metal Gear story I'm
aware of that I can only speak for
myself metal gears story-wise is just
full of completely and utterly
hopelessly full of shit but I do I can
you know recommendations are useless
because you know if you like the game or
not overall my feelings are positive
just because I do love that did
wonderful depth full stealth game plays
so much so it gets a pass just because
of the gameplay but if I love the story
if you could get rid of Hideo Kojima's
failed filmmaker nonsense and and gets
just some kind of story elements that I
liked and I know you like Metal Gear I'm
talking about me I would probably love
the game as it is I just kind of liked
it
sure yeah your story was full of
bullshit who wrote this story yeah whose
- you know what it wasn't on the box so
I don't know who directed the game you
think you think that I put their name
like
the game it's weird that their name
isn't on the box because if they made in
directed the game it was it Hideo Kojima
he did the other ones right I think so
I'm assuming at City Okajima because his
name pops up every three to four minutes
in the game that could be I mean uses it
you know you see you see his name like
twice like before and after every
mission and then at the start of a new
mission
I wonder if I wonder if it was him but I
don't know cuz his name wasn't on the
box yeah just because you see Hideo
Kojima's name in the game more than
snakes doesn't necessarily mean he had
anything to because I got a panini
Okajima 's name somewhere I mean he is
Hideo Kojima it was written and directed
by Hiroshima Hideo Kojima his name
wasn't on the box he'll be Geum his name
Hideo Kojima's name wasn't on the box
that from the game that he made see the
pain confusion in his name is just like
it
please
