May 31, 2015
Broken Age
youtube.com/watch?v=ihR12J5HRcM
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/605095786695659520
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-broken-age/

hi rich hi jack what's what's that shirt
you're wearing why this is the shirt I
got for being a Kickstarter backer for
the Double Fine adventure game oh let's
talk about that so broken age is a
point-and-click adventure game you point
and click to move around your character
you pick up different objects you
manipulate objects you you solve various
types of puzzles while this this kind of
narrative things is going on what is
your history with adventure games I want
to say the first adventure game I ever
played was this thing for the PS Vita
called Machinarium
and it's this nice simple little
point-and-click adventure game I also
played the super brothers sword &
Sworcery EP which is a really
atmospheric point-and-click adventure
for the iPhone since the Kickstarter
I've played some text adventure games
which I've really enjoyed can I push the
rack I have it all queued up if he comes
over here when you push the rock on them
ok ready
here comes here comes come over here
come over here
ready now oh my god I totally got him
that's exciting
it was nothing I'm new to the genre I'm
I'm not usually that fond of the point
in click see I grew up with more like
the Sierra game so he actually kind of
like typed in what you did pick up rock
done okay
you have rock I have a rock now and then
they started making the point and clicks
and the point-and-click adventure games
are kind of like the casual games of the
adventure game set Wow
see see my preference is for the text
ones cuz you had to think outside the
box
about what you were going to do the game
visit the title isn't go to the toilet
the title is don't shit your pants no
off pants
rich Evans shit and when I play the
point and clicks often times when I see
something I can interact with I just
start dragging various things out of my
inventory audit to see if something
happens and I don't know what's gonna
happen I'm not thinking well I can use
this to do that I'm just what what is
the what is the thing I have to click on
and I think that is a really accurate
description of broken age where for me
especially in Act one I solved the
majority of puzzles by just going
through every single dialogue tree
without thinking about it without paying
attention like there weren't any puzzles
in act 1 yeah you pick up a spoon and in
the next area it says a spoon would work
here there was no thinking involved in
act 1 and I think that in an adventure
game they want the player to feel clever
and I did not feel clever but they also
have to keep in mind that dumb people
are playing their game I don't care I
love dumb people and if a dumb person
can't figure out the puzzle he's not
going to feel clever just saying yeah
but that doesn't help me I mean I'm only
slightly above a dumb person and I felt
a little insulted
but but there's another big component to
adventure games which is the story
element yeah you have these two
completely disparate storylines going on
there's a there's a boy in a spaceship
being raised by computers and then
there's a little girl who's supposed to
be a human sacrifice for the ancient
village monster that attacks the
villages and you can switch back and
forth between these two characters and I
do like that because if you're stuck on
a puzzle with like the Shay the boy you
can you can switch over develop and work
on that storyline program so I did like
that I want to say that now I know you
want to move on to story
well no no my my issue with the
switching back and forth is I really
liked it and later on in the game there
are certain puzzles in which you need to
switch back and forth and that's where I
thought the game really is shine yeah
that was clever that was unique that was
the only good puzzles is when you had to
notice something in you novellas
storyline that you could use in Shea's
that was brilliant and wonderful the
only problem is it happened twice it
only had been twice there were two good
puzzles in this game two two puzzles
earlier on that requires switching and
then the whole and there's a whole and
segment where you're there's things you
could do switch it back forth between
them but that's it yeah
yeah there could have been more that and
I was really confused because I made it
through the entire first act without
switching back and forth
I got stuck and didn't know that I had
to switch back and forth so that that
should have been something set up
earlier it was set up but the fact that
you can switch characters and heeds them
you wanted you know generally in a video
game when you have a mechanic like that
you have an instance early on in which
you cannot pass until you use the
mechanic in Super Mario Brothers you run
across a pit you cannot move forward in
the game unless you jump over the pit
you have to jump in the game boom done
if somewhere in the beginning of the
game
a puzzle would have showed up and you
could not pass that puzzle until you
switched characters oh we can switch
back and forth how fun then all of my
complaints would be known void but they
dumped that on us eight hours into the
game and all I felt was frustrated see
here's the thing with Tim Schafer maybe
this is my bias because my adventure
game feelings leaned towards like the
text IP side more so than the
point-and-click e my opinion of Tim
Schafer has always been that he's not so
much a great game designer as he is a
clever writer yeah and when I when I see
a Tim Schafer game I don't expect to be
wowed by amazing gameplay mechanics I
expect to be charmed by amusing
characters and I expect to laugh several
times or more and there were that the
character I I if you look at broken age
as a clever dialogue generator a plus
okay
look I'm getting rid of the axe okay
just stop screaming please all of the
characters are very fun the dialogue is
clever and funny but then but there's
this interaction thing that it's
completely lacking for example there was
a moment very early on in the game where
you're playing a Shey and Shey has these
wander it's it's this wonderful like
fake missions he goes on and they're
they're all like kid-friendly missions
and he can't fail any of them and the
fact that he can't fail any of them is
really upsetting to him as well it's a
good character building the only problem
is like there's this one section you're
riding a train and your little friends
say it's time to do the wave and there
are two options that you can click on
and one is no I don't want to do the
wave and two is yeah let's do the wave
and if you click yeah let's do the wave
your character then says no I don't feel
like it because it's something that
happens later on they should
they should have just not had that at
all this is what I'm selling I'll gree
with that yeah what this is see what
what what they sold this game as was
we're gonna make another Tim Schafer
adventure game and then they made
another Tim Schafer adventure game this
is this is the genre now if you if you
bought into this not really knowing much
about adventure games you just got
caught up in the hype yeah you don't
really have much room yes exactly
you don't I don't think you have much
room to complain because they delivered
exactly what they said they were going
to deliver it's exactly what it said I'm
at in we're gonna make another Tim
Schafer adventure game there it is
and it could be that I'm just not a fan
of the shop that's maybe what I'm
learning so what's your name Carl
Cara no car oh it's Carol with some of
the letters removed for reasons that are
too stupid to repeat one of the things
that bothered me the most about the game
was that almost all of the puzzles could
be described as a fetch quest which in
any other game is is like the tedious
filler but that's all this game was that
sounds like an adventure it sounds like
a point-and-click grab you grab this and
then you click on things to see if it
interacts with those things I don't I
don't know I don't know as a game I'm
very disappointed I would I would love
to have someone just actually edit the
story but that's that's the thing with
Tim Schafer he missed his calling he he
needs to be making animated movies or
animated TV shows Tim Schafer needs a TV
series on Cartoon Network that's what
Tim Schafer needs
oh no and by the way like if broken age
was a movie if it was 90 minutes and you
cut out all the game elements and just
have this beautiful little intertwining
those seemingly disparate story I think
I would really enjoy that sort of
monster just just for a little bit I
mean you start with these completely
different things it doesn't seem like
they relate at all you can switch
between Shay or Vella and thematically
the two stories don't really seem to
have that much in common
the settings are completely different
and yet the game manages to tie them
together at some point and I thought it
was very clever the way the game did
that and I agree and more so at the
beginning of act 2 they switch places
and then Shay is running around the town
and Vella is running around the
spaceship and you get to explore areas
that you know already from a different
perspective and from a from a writing
point of view it's brilliant it's like
just the way that the people interact
with even though like you already know
everyone in cloud village yeah
interacting with Shay with them was a
completely different experience and I
really liked that I really dug that from
a story perspective and yeah and they
didn't they never copped out as far as
this is a boy this is a girl I guess
they're in love now you know like baby
they only meet at the like briefly in
the middle and at the very end one of my
favorite parts of the story is when
Vella took a swing of shit and they meet
they meet for the first time
oh they're finally gonna be together and
she takes a swing at him that's
brilliant
the story was really great I wish that
the puzzles were as good as the story or
the character this is it
for a point-and-click adventure game I
thought the puzzles were pretty good on
the whole all the puzzles are so light
do you think no no like you have the
lady who wants who who wants to go
fishing but you can't make a hook you
have a hook shaped thing in your
inventory you give her the hook sure
because it's like it's all it's all so
light except for those shining examples
of hopping back and forth between
stories I felt like all the puzzles fell
flat can you help me kill him I'll
chothra Hey
what a thing to say did you just lay
that no fell out of my pile of I mean it
must have been a no attention to that I
would like to make special note now of
something I did have a big problem with
voice acting yeah a couple of the voice
actors were really great Elijah Wood
does a voice Jack Black doesn't ice will
weaken doesn't voice uh Vella on the
other hand whoever did her voice was
phoning it in I I thought she was buying
every time she was saying something like
emotional or like she was scared I
didn't buy it for a moment there's a
giant monster those destroying villages
and eating young girls and it may array
not have already my whole family might
be anyway I just need to take down a
horrible monster will you help man she
was just flat
I didn't I and you know you're with her
for half the game she has the best story
bits she does yeah yeah and it fell
especially flat for me because of that
voice acting wall I'm very sorry
no fun I'm sorry miss whoever did the
voice to develop I'm sure you're very
talented
or not I don't know a special note the
art yeah I thought it looked beautiful
uh yeah yeah
I thought it looked beautiful and in a
refreshing change of pace it's not pixel
art and it kind of like storybook
painting almost yeah like everything's a
watercolor yeah like it like things had
brushstrokes on them and it had it has
its own unique look and that deserves
special commendation so good job whoever
did the art you guy I'll let you get
back to your screaming yeah please leave
before I vomit you foul ruthless stump
do you recommend the broken edge that's
the question yeah my recommendation is
you know already if this is for you or
not you don't need my recommendation
this was made for a very specific
audience and you might expect more
because the Kickstarter made four
hundred million dollars but he only said
he was gonna make a Tim Schafer
point-and-click adventure game he gave
you a decent Tim Schafer point-and-click
adventure game and that's how they play
and if you don't like it you fell into
the hype it's like I'm struggling with
whether or not I would recommend it yeah
every single character is wonderfully
written fully realized unique has clever
dialogue all the characters I loved yeah
the game not so much overall I I almost
had a good time does that count
that counts as a recommendation egg
house
please
