Mar 9, 2016
Firewatch
youtube.com/watch?v=kqbvWoAFsQ8
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/707593689292349440

okay
are we ready
yeah
hi jack I rent fire watch the fire
watches the new God the new thing the
new story heavy atmospheric emotional
indie game I would not use that last
word
you didn't need anything so
so I have a bit of a confession to make
what is it um look I was I was drunk
last night when I welcome you to the job
I've heard it compared to a lot of like
survival horror games where it's more
like a story-driven walking simulator uh
and walking simulator it sure is
well so so let's promote let's break it
down into parts okay uh let's let's talk
about the gameplay okay there is exactly
one gameplay element to the game and
that is find your way to the thing you
get a map and and and you know you're
talking on the radio to your lady friend
and your lady says hey you have to go to
the lake and so you have to look at your
map and use your compass to find your
way to the lake it's in the genre of
shoot plant dad choose your role um
survive no shoot him up be there's no
there's they finally made it came
without a genre and to say hey uh if if
you had to nail it down to a gameplay I
would I would call it like an
exploration no I wouldn't call it an
exploration game you don't think you got
an exploration is they give you a huge
open world and you can go anywhere you
want and Firewatch you have a series of
tubes
no no it's a series of jus you can go
anywhere on the map lots of lots of
mountain said that it's not it's not a
big map this is this there's lots of
like like the only real gameplay yeah
that's not story related is you see a
log and then the button comes up it
tells you can
the do things button to jump over the
log and then you see some low log then
you walk over that that doesn't have the
button and in same height but you can't
jump over that log there's areas you
can't go yeah this is tubes you look at
the map and you see the red lines that
tell you the trails and where you can go
it's not an exploration game you're not
exploring you can't explore hmm I'm
gonna defended here you can explore you
can go anywhere in the map except for
the areas that are blocked off
story-wise you can get there there are
some Metroid a like things where you
need a specific tool to get into a
specific area still I'd call it
exploration then it's bad exploration
it's not it's I'm just I'm doing a nail
too bad exploration
you know what that you're the most pesky
think about making a game is that
gameplay should make a man I'll have
people talk design all the things look
nice that's what I like doing
here's that what are you doing this area
I know I don't know you walk did walk
did you turn there's a couple options
that I feel is really important for the
enjoyment of this game did you turn the
locator off those are a locator you wait
on your map there's a little thing that
like shows you where you were no I know
you turn that off really poor choice on
a developers part by default your
locator is on yeah and as soon as I saw
that that wasn't the game I wanted to
play and I went into the menu and you
can turn that locator off I would have
hated that more that's what made the
game fun for me because spoiler alert I
really liked this game like a lot and so
walking through the woods following the
map and using your compass without the
magic you are here GPS is what made it a
good experience for me because if you
don't have that and you have the locator
then there's no game but the game for me
was find the place you need to go on the
map
here's what I'm gonna say yeah I hated
the game I like the story here's the
problem when you talk about getting lost
right now when you're when you're making
a movie yeah and you're editing what do
you do what are you doing when you're
editing oh yeah what's your goal an
editing tell a complete story of all
trimming the fat trimming the fat yeah
you're true if you want that fat gone
yeah you want a clean efficiently told
story where you're not fucking around
and every moment of that story has a
purpose that leads into the next purpose
true and there's always something
interesting and engaging happening
during your story yes Firewatch now is a
good story with shit pacing because you
idiot you're telling a fucking story
you don't want 20 minutes of walking
through the woods to get to the next
story bit you want that story to flow
and and the story is not flowing ever I
disagree with you the overarching theme
of the game is distancing yourself and
loneliness and so you spend the majority
of the game alone in silence and I
thought that was really powerful it's
about exploring this character who is
isolated himself from the people he
loves and how he feels and it does a
really great job of emphasizing
loneliness through the gameplay I used
to use the word game play I refused to
like solo so and Soma yeah wonderful
science fiction story
I loved all of the story elements yeah I
loved the science fiction aspect
I loved the philosophical argument about
is the copy still legitimately you and
what is you that's some great shit yeah
a horrible pacing for a story because
you're just walking agree for 30 minutes
at a time but at least they had the
facade of gameplay lism there is a
monster hide from the monster
there was a facade oh and that facade is
what pisses me off in games because it's
that facade in which they try to shove
gameplay into an interesting story where
it doesn't belong Firewatch does us the
service of saying hey our game is about
loneliness
you're gonna feel alone and that's it
it's they've simplified the gameplay to
match the story instead of shoving oh
now you gotta you got to do a puzzle to
open up the door why cuz it's a game you
need that fuck that appears here's my
counter argument you sure you don't need
the facade you don't need it you don't
need the facade but if you don't have
the facade and you don't have any
gameplay don't make a game make a movie
or write a book there do a radio play
the gameplay or do a stage play is in
the exploration it's not game play
that's game
that's walking around yeah yes you're
walking around in the woods you got to
find your way around in the woods
Duke write us write a story write a book
make a movie and pace it properly
maybe it's just because I spend as a
kids so much time walking through the
woods and it brought back that kind of
nostalgic memory to me just walks in the
woods
Walker woods and then no no no don't
walk to the woods walk to the movie
theater and watch very well pace
hour-and-a-half movie about a lonely man
with a sick wife who meets this other
woman who he kind of gets along really
well with and this is other mystery
that's going on along with their
relationship but it's paced really good
it's a solid hour a half of just pure
storytelling and then you know what
after the movie you walk home this was
us I felt this was a solid five hours
every part of this game had me engaged
in it I loved finding my way around the
woods every part where somebody wasn't
talking I was annoyed because I had to
try and walk and find the next base
where somebody would start talking
you're in the same person that was great
no once the woods were beautiful the
woods it was a it was beautiful it was
desolate it felt great you never knew
when you're gonna see something that
to the mystery it was so much fun it was
a beautiful tube you couldn't deviate
that far on the trailer you want to go
over there you go buddy you wanna come
here you go over there crazy it was
great here you're insane it was great
you're an insane crazy man it's true hey
I called around things seemed normal
with everyone else has anything strange
been happening on your end no nothing
really
nothing really or nothing nothing my
door was open the other night but that's
not strange that doesn't sound like
nothing it's nothing I promise
here's the prison I'm gonna say yeah you
would have a great story in a game I'm
not gonna argue against that right I'm
just saying it is necessary that you
also have a good game component before
I'm gonna call it a good game and I
think I I think you're just getting too
caught up on what a game is I'm getting
caught up on a story because it is a
story that has shit pacing cuz you're
walking around the woods for hours but
what could have been a very tight
one-hour story or short story it could
have been really tight good story is now
ruined by horrible pacing and I mean
you're wrong and that's fine that you're
wrong
be and ya know because you know what
we're all well wrong every once in a
while it's the walking around in the
woods alone informs the character you
need those long stretches of loneliness
in order to feel what the character is
feeling that it wouldn't work as a movie
because in a movie you couldn't have
someone walk alone for 20 minutes you
don't need that you need one scene
that's kind of ponderous then it doesn't
have the weight this so you are full of
shit today jack I am not full of shit
hell I'll be positive I'll be really
positive yeah I love all of the
characters you get this nice care
they're great characters great
characters and by the way amazing voice
actors yes both your guy and Delilah I
love hearing them Henry hand the guy
and when you have such a story heavy
game it's such a dialogue every game
like getting your voice actors on flack
as the kids say is really important
that's it's something that the kids say
they're not gonna say it anymore cuz I
said it sure I love your main character
I love that he's not a perfect person I
love that he's flawed I love that could
be he's got a little bit selfish yeah
hey I love the fact that the
storytelling didn't have its fuckin head
shoved up its ass these are fairly real
believable characters with a sense of
humor very grounded very very grounded
story I like Delilah I like that she's
not this this perfect unattainable
princess on a pedestal who has no flaws
she's she's pretty flawed character she
does stupid things she does wrong things
I love the the mystery that was going on
and the paranoia that was creeping in
like you know a lot of the story is
picked up through what Delilah says but
there is several key parts of the story
that you just stumble across you know
like if you read all of that you you you
have these like boxes that you get
equipment from and if you read all the
little stuff in the boxes it just
creates a very solid world and
oh yeah a great great story great
characters no game that's when you
expects flourish no game you explore the
one no game walk around the wood no gay
enough to find your way through the
window game that's it's it's a light
game no game tip but it's no game for
you because you're your guy locator was
on is this so do a quick note to the
developer do your guy locator needs to
be off by default that is incredibly
important to the game also your music I
just didn't like the cues because then
you know you're like you're walking
through the woods and experience the
loneliness and all of a sudden you hear
like classical jazz guitar and it just
takes you right out of the moment
so you know a quick tip for anyone who's
thinking about playing fire watching
music all the way down turn off the you
are here locator it'll make the
experience much more enjoyable read
right wrench so like as it turns out
completely surprising myself I
wholeheartedly endorse the fire watch I
really recommend it of course turn your
music all the way down turn your locator
off and yeah it's a really engaging
story and and I thought the the pacing
was was perfect rich would you recommend
fire watch rich would you recommend fire
watch I think that's a no I think I
think it's a no no no well fuck you chip
