May 21, 2016
DOOM
youtube.com/watch?v=_uvbO3kLkgw
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/734024566238941184
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-doom/

so for this episode rich yeah we need to
have a nuanced discussion about gameplay
mechanics story integration and world
building but first I'm going to punch a
demon in the fucking face
what does a doom Jack what does it doom
doom is the first-person shooter while
not the first before they were called
first-person shooters they were called
doom clones for many years that that
label stuck for like five years
half-life was a doom clone absolutely
but we're not talking about that doom
we're talking about doom 2016 which is a
first-person shooter it's it's an
old-school first-person shooter jacket
the the game starts you wake up naked on
a slab and demons are coming to eat your
fucking face and so then you punch them
in their fucking face and then you get a
gun and shoot them in their fucking face
and then that's the rest of the game I'm
fine with this that's doom I'm fine with this
yes as you should be
once let's just but just let's just
talking about what has happened since
doom okay since doom 1993 and doom the
original will be the old school shooters
very very fast paced games a lot of a
lot of running and gunning but what has
happened
shooters in recent years because the
genre has evolved Jack it's changed
something something that I'm going to
refer to as the bland inning they have
cover they have regenerating health they
have slower movements story-driven well
you want your from a genre that was
pretty much exclusive for the most part
two PC's the doom clones the
first-person shooters and then the xbox
came along and now suddenly you don't
have a keyboard and mouse to play with
you don't have that that quick fast
accurate Mouse you got this clunky
fucking gamepad that you're trying to
aim with and shooters have just become
just slower over the years covers
becoming a mechanic so you can you know
like pop out focus in and you have that
slow aim the focus slow aim to
compensate for the fact you don't have a
mouse yeah I still like controllers and
it's a very but basically shooters are
now a very different genre for the most
part than they were back in the day not
doom 2016 if you were to get like if you
look at like a popular first-person
franchise nowadays like the Call of Duty
franchise so the two aspects of these
games Call of Duty and doom 2016 that we
can quantify our movement speed and
health in Call of Duty you move kind of
slow you see yourself kind of run it's
very realistic and health regenerates
and so if you ever get shot what Call of
Duty wants you to do is find a little
corner to sit in and wait wait wait
don't shoot don't shoot
don't just wait just wait there where
takes an approach of fast movement a ton
of enemies and health packs oh how I
miss help X you gotta find and work for
your health that's great
well it's not even it's not even just
finding the health pack right you
actually have to go into the fray to get
health because doom 2016 has the glory
kill which is what an enemy is weak on
health starts you know he gets to get
staggered and then you run in and you do
this just utterly brutal bare hand
murder we rip like a demon's head off
you you rip off one of his horns and you
jam it down the hole that where his head
used to be and that regains you a little
bit of health but you actually need to
go in there and kill that fucking demon
for the health doom incentivizes
aggression if you are low on health one
of the best things you can do is get
close to an enemy and rip its head off
or murder the thing that's taking down
your health either of these two things
are fine it also incentivizes movement
because if you stand still for too long
the enemy AI will hoard up on you it's
very good a high where's here's the
thing the enemy's right they don't stay
in the distance and pop off behind cover
they don't have shitty ai ai where they
just they run over like ten feet this
way and then run back no they they
sucking like they run all over the place
they try to get behind you they run
right in your face
this is just compared to like a like
compared to any third-person shooter
this is so gloriously hectic I get into
a fight and it's just pure adrenaline oh
my god and this is happening and it
never lets up
yeah well that like that was my my point
about the cover based wall what when
you're in a different game a third
person shooter with cover mechanic right
and you want to take cover behind a wall
that slows the game down you take cover
and you want to put the pew pew pew Lia
and now I'm fired that's not what Doom
is Doom is balls splattered on walls you
are in the frying pan the whole battle
what a battle starts there's no safe
space there's no safe space they're
coming for you there's no there's no
reprieve from the battle until you rip
the last demons head off you're waiting
for that reprieve jack cuz they just
keep coming this realization
but he scoured the plains seeking
vengeance against the dark rules who had
wronged him night sentinels and those
that tasted the might of his sword named
him The Dude's lair uh you know what
we're talking about the enemy variety
absolutely it's fantastic so you got the
man Q buses there shootie ones they
shoot stuff at you then you got the
Knights of hell and they charge at you
they're more melee focused then you got
the floaty guys up in the air then you
got you know then you got the remanence
with the targeted rocket launchers who
hop around then you got the imps who
just run around everywhere and then you
got like just a little zombie guys the
pathetic son the pathetic sound we got
basically like free health packs just
kick them down and get a good +5 health
it's not much but something a variety of
enemies each with their own unique
attack style and their own unique
weakness and very different look and a
very different look so while you're in
this amazing battle you are constantly
switching tactics to deal with each one
individually
I really like what they did with the the
chainsaw the chain the you know the
earlier games chainsaw is just kind of a
you know he's just a hit the melee
weapon again and but usually got mauled
while you were using it what they've
done is they've turned the chainsaw and
like a one hit one kill weapon with
extremely limited uses and you get like
like initially you get like like three
charges with the chainsaw and every time
you use it you get like a ton of fucking
ammo so it's it's it's a nice balance
because like it takes more fuel to kill
that bigger enemy so you want to get rid
of the big enemy or do you want to hold
on to your chainsaw in case you need
ammo later like I'll change that this
little guy now I got a ton of bullets I
like what they did with the chainsaw one
of the most wonderful thing that the
game does is a sparse ammo
here's here's your here's how I feel
about the balance of the ammo
there's there's not too much ammo that
you can carry around with you to the
point where it encourages you to switch
up what weapon you use like oh I'm
almost out of shotgun bullets let me let
me use my machine gun for a bit so it
encourages you to switch weapons and yet
it's plentiful enough where I'm I'm
never so conservative that I don't use
my guns because killing enemies will
grant you ammo right again encouraging
players to get into the battle to keep
battling it's amazing but but also like
the like you said the ammo would run out
during an intense battle and it would
just force you to say ah fuck it what
has bullets the chain gun okay I guess
I'll use the railgun even though I don't
use it off at all this is awesome
teaching teaching the player about the
game during gameplay and encouraging
different styles of play like I'm not
I'm not that big a fan of rocket
launchers in games i I played around
though with this rocket launcher because
sometimes I had to of course of course
and I think that's a hard thing
for modern game developers because you
know most most modern triple-a games
they want you to have an experience and
so they don't want to give you too many
options because that would derail from
the experience this is the lightning gun
section yes here's where you use the
lightning go get in the don't you can't
have any other gun and once we're done
with the lightning gun section take that
away because that's not what this next
section is about you find secret secret
areas and and you do certain challenges
and that gets you the weapon upgrade
points but you know that encouraged you
to explore finding the the hidden alcove
doesn't just give you extra armor also
gives you like an upgrade point for your
gun or me or maybe you find that dead
guard you can upgrade your armor oh you
find a little ball those are fun 200
army where you just find a little doll
those are for yellow treasures but it's
like isn't it not only like upgrading
your gun or upgrading your armor one of
my favorite aspects to exploration is
just finding more demons to murder they
reward exploration with just more
fighting how in theme with Doom is that
here's your reward
you get to kill more and the game the
game treats fighting is something you
want to do yes it's not it's not let's
get this out of the way so we can we can
have the cutscene where Harold talks to
Maude in the hardware store we need to
find the car battery so we can get that
car started we better avoid any enemies
we see on the way I'm going to talk to
you about my childhood in Mississippi
I knew very early on that I was going to
really enjoy doom because the game
starts and you you get something that's
fairly common in videogames which is the
the all-knowing voice that tells you
what to do and he comes on a little
computer screen welcome I'm dr. Samuel
Hagen on the head of this facility I
think we can work together and resolve
this problem in a way that benefits us
both and doom guy stops the cutscene
from happening
where's Nick I guess we're talking about
the story all right where's here's the
kicker with that like that that throwing
away the monitor on one hand that is
giving the middle finger to the story on
the other hand that's actually some
really terrific characterization we have
a very clear personality for our little
first-person shooter marine guy who
doesn't take any shit he goes his own
way and he's very aggressive we were
only temporarily disabling the tower you
need to remove each lens individually
carefully release the hinges
Wow empty containers into them
destroying the production of argent
energy isn't necessary we find out later
that you are the doom Slayer doom guy
you are the overdue Slayer now add
Valley you are the dues layer and you
were sealed away in hell because you are
so badass that you're the only one that
can defeat all the demons in hell and
the bad guys know it they're like
terrified of you yes it's amazing
the story is an evil corporation is
using hell energy to power earth I've
solved the energy crisis but they
thought that the demons might escape
from hell and so you are the contingency
plan in case shit go sideways and it
does there's lots of lore that you can
like read up in like the data files that
you find or you know what ignore it and
shoot demons this game is not at all
interested in putting impediments
between you and the action it doesn't
care you can you can enjoy this stuff
you can read it you can look at the
Holograms or you could just run through
and have fun
what as an old-school doom fan what I
kind of like is I think this actually
might be history's first D boot because
it was Doom one and two right and then
doom 3 was a complete reboot not only of
the story but if the gameplay it's like
now it's a spooky shooter where it slow
paced you you jump at things and she oh
my god that scared me in the dark and
now I should edit and this not only
gameplay wise goes back to the first two
games but I think it's actually supposed
to be the same soldier from the first
two games I love that the best aspect of
this game is it lets you feel like a
badass
I felt like an ass-kicking demon slang
badass absolutely and that's a good
thing the it's almost as if the game
developers spent time crafting the
gameplay instead of spending months on
one particular cutscene sound design by
the way
do you notice that every time it I used
my machine gun a lot every time you fire
your machine gun it like starts up the
rock music just a little bit doesn't
as a single-player campaign doom is the
most fun I've had with a shooter since
quake for like ten years ago
so I highly recommend doom more so than
just recommending it I think this is
required playing yes I think if you're a
person who likes the shooter genre you
need to understand how good it can be if
you are a person who has only ever
played a shooter that has regenerating
health you need to play doom yeah if you
are if you are 19 and your shooter
experiences is Gears of War and Call of
Duty this is what grandpa has been
talking about and you should probably
play this just you understand that it's
it's not just nostalgia talking these
are some good games these old-school
style of shooters everyone every person
who enjoys shooters settle down no he'll
reveal lusion they were hung up the
illusion
it was good
Oh
God lots of events too
cock your fuckin shotgun
the new menu

