The Last Guardian
December 14, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sM9JUYKswg

so Jack rich how are you doing today of
this is it snowing the world is
wonderful but I don't I don't know if I
turn my phone off so Jack today we are
talking about chicken CatDog what is
chicken CatDog from the makers of ICO a
game where you have to guide a girl
through puzzles and Shadow of the
Colossus a game where you have to fight
giant beasts comes the Last Guardian a
game where you have to guide a giant
beast through puzzles and fight with
some of the worst controls of this
console generation that's a bit harsh
yep yep it is
to put it as simple as possible the game
is to get Treecko from one end of the
area to the other
yeah and sometimes you need to guide him
sometimes you need to go around and open
a gate sometimes you need to just ride
on him and he'll take care of the puzzle
and and that's it ends and so like
Treecko
sometimes knows where to go and
sometimes you have like commands like
you can point him in a direction to go
yeah you can tell him to jump you can
tell him to come to you the problem is
he doesn't always listen they what
happened was somebody's you know where
our last two games they've been really
already living these art house
masterpieces yeah and I've got an
emotional concept where there's a little
tiny boy and a great big dog cat animal
thing and they have a relationship cuz
everyone loves pets that's all I got
sold says Sony everyone loves pets and
and I think when they made this they
were so focused on making this
wonderfully amazing as it is amazing a
beautiful animal that looks like an
animal and moves I like an animal and if
it breezed scratches if there's all
these animal things and they don't do
anything that's a solid game with it
it's like it's like like gameplay-wise
it's like you ever walking like a dog
down the street and this I got a
lamppost the dog walks on the other side
of the lamppost for you and then and
then it gets like caught look the leash
is caught around the lab potion you're
trying to get this dog to come around
the right side the dog doesn't know what
to do just just gonna wrap itself around
boar no dog go around like this and
that's the game somebody thought that
would make a good game a tattoo
oh say mochi die eating eating of a tree
Kuno I'll get a do to you amazing
about four hours in is when you
understand
they went full uncharted for no they
didn't they really did
uncharted 4 yeah everything is a movie
and anything that seems like gameplay is
just kind of pretend but there's like
story beats that are happening we need
the brother with the brother infiltrates
the base there's the shootout in and
there's the escaped from prison scene
and this these things happen and these
characters talk to each other and plot
twists happen alright in in chicken
CatDog yeah nothing happens you made
this pet then you need story beats if it
were like Uncharted there would be story
beats there would be scenes that show
your bond strengthening with the animal
as time goes on oh now we have a
relationship no no you get the first
chunk where you meet the animal oh they
have bond now and then they just walk
around for 10 hours then you get to the
end and oh no emotions happen again so
what you're telling me is that this is
worse than uncharted 4 cuz they couldn't
even get a story in its yeah my
comparison to uncharted 4 was the
platforming because so there's puzzle
solving you got to get Treecko from one
area to the other area sometimes there's
a little hurdle that you need to take
care of it you know very uh what is it
Mouse in the lion yeah right you get yet
you have to eat the small one need to
take care of the big one sometimes in
order to take care of the things there
are these large platforming sections
it's running along a predetermined path
that you cannot fall off there's no game
involved there you see there's one path
to take and you can't really fall right
so reflexes aren't really like an issue
with
jumps just right catch the ledge there's
nothing like that yeah you get you the
argue that it's a puzzle game sure but
if it's a puzzle game it's it's kind of
like a maze that has no Forks in fact it
was one there's one obvious solution
they got to get to the thing up there
okay I guess I got to walk along the
obvious path to get to the thing I got
to the thing I didn't have to do any
thinking to solve that as I see that
thing up there that I have to show now
there's a path up there I took it there
shove the thing yeah
there's no thinking
the story begins with us waking up next
to this giant beast
yeah and he's scary and then we feed him
and now he's our friend
immediately you meet the dog yeah but
the relationship and then nothing really
happens there's there's like a line of
dialogue instead of like something
happening to strengthen your bond for
Treecko just as our bonds increased now
to the point where he follows more of my
commands nothing motivates that he just
Just Dial it expired and now we trust
each other more the laziest way to get
an idea across is voice-over narration
yeah yeah yeah who is he
our ticket home you know you are on
there too are you see your knees e UT so
easy you know ik a guitar oh really
you're tuning up Alex are you cool this
game has a lot of problems it's got a
really impressive chicken CatDog sure
she wasn't really it's a really
impressive creature sure absolutely
I guess like my what my point is is
besides my frustration my point besides
the amazing dog I think that everything
this game attempts to do they fail it
yeah including some of the most basic
shit which is the camera controls I was
so goddamn frustrated you know it's its
general third-person win stick one stick
moves the camera one stick moves your
character but the camera had a mind of
its own it kept wanting to look at
either at the dog or at the mountain or
it had its own agenda and so I'd want to
scan the area around me to see where the
path was that I needed to go and the
camera would say no you go look over
here I say I want to look up there my
problem my problem with the camera no
it's not your problem I have a different
problem with the camera you're going
through a lot of corridors that are just
perfectly sized for Treecko and Treecko
loves to walk up right next to you right
and there are times when you can't see
anything because the screen is just
feathers
then you can't pan around because
everything is Dawne everything is
chicken cat dog and you can't see what
you're doing you're basically blind
stuck in this little room here here you
said something earlier that I don't know
if I'm fully onboard what you said it
has the worst controls of this console
generation out of all games I have
played this console generation I cannot
think of a game whose controls are worse
the only real issue I had it's not even
a major issue it's just kind of weird
that jump is triangle it's like all the
way at the top usually jump is like
really comfortable easy to get at it's
usually X right you just jump it a lot
if it's like something's a platformer
this is it's at the top of the
controller and that's that's weird get
it but I'm used to jumping ax other than
that it's the same problem it's not just
that so you know one the camera is all
is all Janka fide and I believe and
that's part of the controls you got to
know what you're looking at and the
camera kept fighting with me that's all
broken then the basic control like you
you're supposed to be able to control
tricot you just tell him the general
direction you want him to go you want
him to look and so so like you have
these platforming puzzles where you're
riding on Treecko and he has to jump
from stone to stone and sometimes he
needs a little direction but he doesn't
always listen to you and so you can say
Treecko go over there that's the next
platform I want you to jump on and he'll
turn around and jump back down to where
you were
that's bad controls that's the game
didn't communicate with an animal Oh
guess what that would be really
frustrating in real life when you are
doing things correctly on the controller
and they don't happen on screen that is
bad controls yeah the worst controls of
this console generation good all right
Dan buy it okay
I want to like give a little shout-out
to like world building an art direction
there there was a little bit of the art
direction that I liked I you you'd
mentioned earlier the whole like Treecko
in the little tunnels bang and actually
kind of liked some of that the idea that
he didn't belong in this world it wasn't
built for man-sized people and he was
kind of crawling around that's cute what
the problem is is the general world and
so this might get into spoiler territory
yes but you feed him these glowing
barrels yeah we discover that the the
chicken cat dogs kidnap people
barf them into a thing and then the
thing shoots out the barrel that they
eat yes but but then why are those
barrels strewn about the city and what
does that like wire what is the purpose
of the chicken cat dogs and if they run
the city why aren't the caverns chicken
cat dog sizes and why are the things
fighting them if they're the ones using
the barf vomit machine and what does
that have to do with the glowy spinny
thing Jack yeah what's important is that
it's an artistic experience
these aren't unanswered questions these
are mysteries for you to ponder
it's a quick and easy way to get rid of
a plot hole Jack they've eaten the
barrels why the barrels I love the place
and just locking up the barrels I didn't
see anybody lock it up the bear it's
just I know it's this mysterious world
whose locking up the beasts who's in
control its mystery it can go fuck
itself is what it can do bitch it's it's
your thing it's it's not even a story
really it's just an it's an emotional
concept yeah kid giant dog motion who
cares
this game is a mess this game is a gosh
gun mess rich Jack what do you recommend
chicken cat dog no no it's a mess
it's a horrible mess everything about
this game is frustrating people see me
as being a bitter horrible asshole yeah
you were looking forward to this I
really was and I'm the positive one I
like things I like things and stuff all
the time you you hate it more than I do
I have nothing but contempt for this
game I do not recommend it okay I'm good
we can still be friends but I am very
impressed with the animal they made
Trego as a creature as an animation as a
behavior very very impressive
technically impressively looks like an
animal key but moves like an animal like
can you even recommend going through the
game just so you can experience Treecko
here's I don't recommend it right I
don't recommend it but there are
probably me personally I don't recommend
it
but probably dog lovers out there really
love their fucking pets that would that
would do this I know everybody out there
and plays games it isn't me has just a
hard-on on
absolute hard-on for anything that has
any kind of hint of Arts to validate the
fact that they're gamers and they'll
love it
you're gonna love it it's not for me I
like the chicken CatDog I'm not even
against a game being arty I'm really not
I know people probably think I hate
anything that even resembles art
storytelling that's not true I just
think when you're talking about a video
game you need to have the game there
that the art and story is built around
if it's not you're wasting our fucking
time make a movie drop draw a picture
make a painting make some music but you
see that's the doubly frustrating part
about this is we know that this team can
have a mixture of art and gameplay
because they did it already with Shadow
of the Colossus says they didn't start
with the gameplay they started with the
idea I bought I got a head I have a dog
I have a dog all I love this dog oh so
much more
I've got this great emotional concept
this small boy at a dog and the problem
is that was all they had right and they
spent six years making this fucking dog
and nobody made an interesting game to
go with the dog yeah no no well well
well hash out these puzzles later don't
we just put some temporary platforms for
you to jump on we're gonna figure out
these puzzles or shit our deadlines here
hey shit it took them six years to make
jack I guess they just needed another
six you think it would if they took 12
years to make it would be better
