Battle of the Not Mega Mans
July 15, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAwkAqzeEKE

we're ready we're rolling hello Roma
that's fine we aren't rolling hi jack
hi rich what are we talking about today
we are talking about two games that
legally speaking are not Mega Man so
Mega Man is a tiny blue robot yeah who
jumps and he shoots he runs through
levels and he encounters like a number
of different bosses he defeats the
bosses and he takes to power and he can
use their power yeah so let's talk about
mighty number 9 in mighty number 9 you
play as Beck a tiny blue robot that
jumps and shoots and you fight other
robot bosses and after you beat them you
can use their powers but it's legally
distinct from mega men who is called
mega man and not back and not back uh-oh
security bot is out of control like all
the others hey there's no other way
you'll need to fight your way through
you can handle this I know you can
professor right I'll do it
but here nobody cares nobody cares about
this then here's the thing here's the
thing here's why this here's why mighty
number 9 is even a thing yeah Capcom has
basically washed their hands of Mega Man
games yeah yeah
and so then one of the creators of Mega
Man kik-kik IG Ken Joey G in a foo named
Caillou G in a foon a one of them one of
the people who worked on Mega Man you
just left Capcom is that fuck it I'm
making my own Mega Man game only with
blackjack and hookers you know what
forget the Mega Man and that's where all
the Kickstarter money went and that's
why the game had problems
hahaha doctor Santa it's a temporary
blackout caused by the erratic power
supply it may also trigger
irregularities and other robots by night
stay with your clothes
so here here's why we're specifically
talking about Megaman because that was
part of his Kickstarter pitch I I want
to make a not Megaman game with a new IP
so we can take this character and make
cartoons with him make comic books with
him he can't you know cuz they can't do
that with Megaman right yeah they don't
have any control over Megaman but we can
have control over Beck the only part he
forgot about is that Megaman are really
good games and that's why people care
about that IP and with mighty number 9
what you have is I'm not gonna say it's
a bad game it's just very bland it's a
mixed bag a lot of people are just
flat-out shitting on the game yeah it
doesn't deserve that no no no it doesn't
deserve that yeah um there's a lot of
fun in there when you look at mighty
number 9 the first and most obvious
thing you notice is that the game is
ugly as shit I mean it it's so like I
vomit yes the game is I've vomit um you
actually have fairly decent character
models they're not they're not bad
character models I know you don't like
style they're in I don't but they're
nicely constructed models but the levels
themselves it's just it's the ugliest
way to do a side scrollers to do that
kind of 3d but it's not really full 3d
it's like everybody's running on these
elongated rectangles but it's not even
like it's not there's no like dramatic
lighting there's no sharp color contrast
there's no there's no life to the
loveliness did you see the tech demo yes
it was fair and they they they go out of
the way I believe when they showed that
tech demo now the games the finished
games not gonna look anything like this
not in the way they meant crikey it's
like every button America went
completely nuts all at once don't blonde
the entire game for me is it is a solid
D if we were going to go into grave
games it doesn't fail but it comes just
close enough to passing you're gonna
break it down into its components let's
do let's do this quickly
okay trolls
controls great a plus a plus a plus um
the the - mechanics fun you have like
infinite air - yeah um there was a
section early on it again like I don't
even playing the game for like 10
minutes and there was a section where
these but fireballs are falling down all
over the sky and it was pretty reliably
like dashing around and dodging them and
the controls were tight yes I think when
you're talking about a 2d side-scrolling
platformer that's the most important
thing good controls great controls a
plus boss battles a - 2 - b + b +
absolutely
I really like the fire guy in jumping
over Musa the obvious pattern and do the
things you need to do bad guy yeah a lot
of times in Mega Man you know their
enemies are vulnerable to a specific
weapon the boss like a fire boss is
really weak dice and makes the boss
fights trivial ah these bosses have
weaknesses to weapons but none that made
the fight itself seem trivial to me
there there are obviously some better
boss fights than others but that's any
game that's it
anything old Mega Man game absolutely
every boss fight felt like it was an
appropriate challenge every death felt
earned and every victory was very
satisfying except for maybe the sniper
level his boss fight was really easy
because you could really easily get
behind him then you beat the boss yeah
and then you actually convert them into
being a good guy and then though I could
make cameos and the other levels yeah
and although they'll help you out in the
background they'll take some kind of
obstacle away that you would have had
yeah that was neat that was adorable
that was neat agree but but boss battle
yeah 7 b b+ o b for us absolutely
absolutely
this is an old-school game if you can't
make it through the level and the boss
in your allotted lives you have to start
over from scratch and some of the boss
battles were pretty tough and so
sometimes you can get all the way to the
boss then die three times you have to
start the level all the way over again
which normally would kind of be a pain
in the ass like even if it's a good
level it's it's challenge it's a hard
challenge
luckily mighty number 9 solves this
problem by having incredibly short and
easy levels so you can get to that boss
battle real fast it's almost as if they
were lazily slapped together I guess it
was just really good level design though
living lives well it's a mixed bag
there's some levels that felt about
right the helicopter man level oh yeah
decent level was decently long level uh
the the the sniper level that was a
clever premise where you know you'd see
the laser sight and never be the pattern
the bullets would follow those paper
twists and the sniper level you could go
left or right and you had to circle
through the level a couple times
interesting twist you had to actually
like search for the final robot feet but
then you had crap like like the ice
level you jump in the water you jump out
of the longest short ice path you got
the boss so I just took no time at all
haha there's even a section of the
underwater ice level where you can err -
over every single enemy they they did
not care about that level at all levels
that is horrible I'm unsure if if the
levels are as bad as I think they are
just the extremely ugly visuals just add
to it all well see if you try to
separate them I think the level design
is incredibly simplistic and beyond a
few exceptions of F's across the board
you were the truck that looked like I
was made out of cardboard boxes yes so
level design fairly important
solid of here we go here we go here we
go
here we go
here we go and then we get into visuals
which is you know gameplay visuals
hand-in-hand yeah I'm going solid F
again I think the game is ugly as sin
yes
the thing is though that's that's the
least important part of the classic 2d
side-scroller pie it's all those other
things that involve gameplay are far
more important not that not that visuals
are completely worthless right
it didn't kill the game for me I don't
know what they were thinking errors
let's learn about the Kickstarter
because here they asked for $900,000
which not that much money in terms of
game development relatively small budget
relatively small budget he made four
million yeah a lot of people I think are
mad that they made so much and the final
product looks like crap yep yep how
reasonable is that um I think I think
it's fairly reasonable well he asked for
900,000 I think I think morally yeah all
these obligated deliver is a $900,000
production value game and the rest I
would legitimately consider profits for
the product that you were making that
you said you were going to make for
900,000 yep when you invest in a
Kickstarter program you are investing
and with investment there is a risk
involved if you invest in the stock
market it could tank you could lose all
your money yeah that's part of investing
risk reward right and I think a lot of
people felt that their risk was
mitigated because of
Kaiji because he's been in the games
industry for so long and he's been part
of making the games that he was now
going to make independently so I think
people will fully forgot about the risk
failure is always an option and one of
the actually I think a beautiful irony a
beautiful tragedy a hilarious tragedy to
this Kickstarter is I think it's made a
lot of people sympathetic to big studios
this was their chance to we make good
not Mega Man games and you're gonna want
to play every one we make because this
is gonna be poppin there were two keep
cranking them out there's gonna be our
new series our own IP and we're gonna
make we're gonna make cartoons and comic
books is with all this stuff it's
idiotic because the final product has no
polish they should have polished the
fucking shit out of this they'd be
making money for like the next decade
cranking out clones but but here's the
thing this was not a passion project for
Kai eg this was a business opportunity
and apparently he's a poor businessman
because my guess is a real studio would
say we need a bigger budget you need a
bigger team to get the finished product
that you want well if you look at his
concept art the the dramatic lighting
effects the 3d effects all of the level
design that goes into it he did not have
the budget to make the game he wanted
how big was his team I even honestly I
haven't followed the Kickstarter drama
because I don't give a shit it doesn't
matter
like it doesn't matter how big your team
is you need the money to buy the talent
and he is not a good enough producer
apparently to get the talent on his team
that he needed it wasn't the talent
though wasn't it like a laundry list of
former Megaman dibs
who knows I don't know I wasn't paying
that much attention like I said I but
then again then again with the former
Megaman devs look at the Megaman track
record Mega Man's glory days we're 20
fucking years ago
yep every every single recent Mega Man
game that they've made especially the
ones with the pseudo 3d look to them
have all looked like crap but I think
investors feel tricked because of his
name and because of his reputation and
because of the concept art and the
concept levels that he put forward they
feel tricked ke J has been in the
business for a long time and has been
making Mega Man games for a long time so
I think that's where people kind of
throughout their doubt but you know
because he's not he's not a he's not a
fly-by-night programmer you know but I
think Calle J is the thing that proves
that just because you've been doing a
job for a long time doesn't necessarily
mean that you're good at it um I feel
really bad at all I thought it was
around Sam as a burn man that's a sick
burn Oh Don I don't know that I can go
that you know like that it's just an
incredibly mediocre game man there's
been too many good Mega Man games
something happened there's been too many
good Mega Man games and he's been
associated with too many of them for
have nothing to do with that associated
with he didn't create it he didn't draw
it associated with and you didn't have
that much dude he said get the fuck out
of here
we don't make these games without you we
don't even advertise you hey I got I was
a fucking you you did an animation in I
got coffee for Scorsese I'm directing a
movie now he had to have been more
involved
I'm sure or he's just a good business
his name has been to look at Medi number
nine he's not a good businessman
I bet he made money off of it that would
make him a con man I'm not saying that
I'm not saying that
even still once you take a look at the
the mighty number 9 report card mmm
once you once you average all of that
together we still have somewhere in the
C range maybe Heidi maybe a Depot C C -
C - they could I don't know yeah it's
ugly so what the big killer is the awful
level design and I think a lot of that's
offset by fun bosses which is what you
want a Mega Man game and good controls
which is also what you want to Mega Man
game yeah since I'm saying final product
is like a C but people are treating this
game like it's just a complete piece of
shit I don't think it is no no no I'm
gonna say what if this weren't a
Kickstarter what if what if you just
said you know I got a private backer and
we are making the Mega Man like yang no
Kickstarter sure do you get you get the
outrage in the drama ah
no probably not I think there would be
some small smatterings of this isn't the
Mega Man I know but but that but but it
here's the other thing that would happen
is this game would come out people would
play it and instantly forget about it
careful bag I don't like I think there's
a lot redeemable in the game that
fucking - that - is so much fun that's
why I'm saying the game's not terrible
the game is not terrible and I agree
with you but but you know the
reception's been terrible and it's done
it's over yep the society is judged and
what's over we're never we're never
gonna see another Mega Man game ever
again it's just not gonna happen it's
dead it's dead so next I want to talk
about 20 X X and and in 20xx you play as
a little blue robot who jumps around and
shoots with a gun hand you also fight
robot bosses and after you defeat the
robot bosses you get their powers no
what sounds like a novel concept is
there another character in the game
there's just a little blue girl no no
actually you can switch to be a
different red robot who has a sword Oh
oh yeah a completely original concept
this so before we get too deep into 20xx
right now as we are playing it and
talking about it this is an early access
so anything we talk about can change
it's out it's already changed I played
it a month or two ago and it felt it
felt different yeah so that seems like
they're updating it fairly frequently
which is a good thing yeah yeah they are
they are into it and so they're using
instead of Kickstarter they're using
early access to get funds to complete
the project but you can you know buy it
and play it right now and to give for
this one it's Mega Man with procedurally
generated levels that's a roguelike at
least that's more of an original twist
it's not just we're making Mega Man only
it's not Mega Man at least that adds a
wrinkle
right so much like any other roguelike
you have to make it through every level
and every boss in one life and if you
die that's it if start over again
procedurally generated levels again very
early in the development and so you'll
see a lot of similar level set pieces
you know they have the the teleporters
yeah be moving platforms they have vibin
I've been in some of the later I mean I
just played some today and I noticed
less repetition there get it's yes it's
evolving its evolving pretty quickly my
early impression was I'm seeing a lot of
the same things over and over everything
looks a me but they're slowly
diversifying um I'm still really fucking
sick of shooting out those bats there's
a lot of bad I don't even care if they
add in like enemies that play the exact
same way just change the fucking sprite
this is actually a game that I'm really
excited to pick up and play every once
in a while I really like trying to make
it through levels here and there
I'm writing my number nights controls in
general I think are far tighter than
twenty xx's
I don't know if you're about the same
and with time especially with 20 xx's
wall slide like that they're platforming
I think is much tighter
I felt I felt more accurate with my
jumps and whatnot in MIT my number nine
yeah oh no no
I mean you could argue I guess with this
that the whole roguelike thing is
starting to get played out mm-hmm it's
not those ton of games that do this now
crypt of the necrodancer to enter the
gungeon nuclear throne FTL there's
number a lot of games that are doing
this but I don't care because it's fun
it is is it neat purpo deaths a neat way
to play a game hmm it's a great way to
carry the torch on to keep that to keep
that like difficulty level high but you
know y'all much like crypt of the
necrodancer you can always you can spend
stuff you've earned to you know get new
upgrades and you get little rewards here
and there to keep you interested in the
game I swear to god though every time I
find a good powerup I'm near best and I
don't get to use it for long I got -
near - I thought equipment
it's it's really neat it's it's this
really fun counts of the enemies though
they do repeat a little too often
constantly constantly there's still fun
the baths the tank guys the the catapult
arms the angel ladies who shoot like
their enemies are unique and each has a
distinct attack I'm sure they're working
on it I could use a little more variety
sure let's compare the enemy variety and
say mighty number 9 okay oh do you
remember the enemies that were boxes but
then they changed it up a little bit in
mighty number 9 and they had enemies
that word little boxes but then they
changed it up again and you got to fight
a big fucking box I'm gonna blame early
access for this I don't feel like I have
a solid gold in 20xx I don't feel like
there's something I'm working towards
just this is the next box yes this is
the next boss I do think that's an early
access problem where eventually they
will have a small little story bit they
will have maybe a little story thing
that you're working towards this game is
pretty early and relative to money
number 9 which does this really kind of
ugly 3d 2d side-scrolling this is some
pretty nice sprite artwork
everything looks crisp and clear I I I
know what it is the platform's look like
platforms nothing looks like a rectangle
that's just floating in space yeah look
it looks like pretty classics Ness pixel
art what's really nice no it's really
you know the the reason that I wanted to
talk about 20xx with mighty number 9 not
only because they are two games that are
surely not Mega Man games
but also they're very similar and they
they have both attempted to bring the
Megaman genre of action platforming into
the next generation and I believe one
handles it significantly better than the
other one handles it okay it just soiled
its own reputation as shit it's pants it
shitting its bed it's a it's a nice
comfy bed but there's just shit all over
the sheets just you do you don't want to
sleep in that butter sleep in that bed I
don't wanna go near that bed but it's
covered in shit it reeks of Kickstarter
drama and and ugly graphics this is
Chrissy mattress first of all your
analogy makes no sense I want to let you
know
so who who wins the the Battle of the
Nutmeg immense but like as far as
recommendations go and who wins the
battle of legally not megaman i in
general would not recommend mighty
number 9 because this is kind of blah
anyone who's a who's a fan of those kind
of games would play a Tinka mighty
number 9 is like a steam sale okay sure
yeah maybe you know you get four oh
let's see what the guy said only five
bucks your five bucks yeah but my bugs
are like I know they're working on
porting it over to handhelds I could be
a fun handheld game I guess xx xx xx on
the other hands one I would love to see
what it's done like there yet but I can
see they're clearly working towards
something decent
Oh xx xx for me is a huge recommendation
I think people need to have this it's
incredibly fun it's a new take on the
genre and it's just me I'm not I'm not
100% there yet
oh yeah actually I just said I don't
hate it I don't hate it at all I'm super
there I'm super Antonio xx oh I'll say
the randomly generated bits are working
better for me than I thought it would
I figure the level design would be crap
but with randomly generated stuff it
works pretty decently whereas mighty
number 9 which has crafted levels and
they're just just terrible
hey it's kind of the opposite of what I
would have expected right I think I
think what we're saying is that
basically an algorithm is a better level
designer than Keiji Inafune eight
