Nov 30, 2016
Dishonored 2
youtube.com/watch?v=q1umVvn3evU
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/803992212119896064
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-dishonored-2

I want to I want to describe it you want
to describe it sure sure the heat is off
okay hi jack gah
my fellow cop thank God because we're
we're talking to Bob decided to that's a
rotten Segway
rotten a Segway that's the worst
Dishonored 2 is the new game by best
Bethesda besides de the sevdah but Fez
does a Thesz de ok dishonour to is the
new game by beset assess the 7 Bethesda
fair stop today we're talking about
decided to the new game by Bethesda
Studios it is a game that takes place in
kind of like a steampunk kind of world
but it's also got a like a like a lot of
magic elements that play into the world
and and you're a character voiced by
Steven Russell who kind of sneaks around
and he stealthily takes out guards and
yet we are not talking about thief's the
dart project or thief the metal edge
which is fine by me because at some
point somebody at Bethesda said you know
what we're gonna make a real new thief
game we're gonna call it Dishonored
right and then they made dishonor too
and they like they're like fuck it we're
going all-in and we're going to have
steven Russell voice Corvo so so you
came into this game thinking of it just
kind of like an HD remake of thief
that's that's how I kind of yeah I can't
I couldn't help it
so Dishonored 2 is a stealth game hondo
percent stealth game unless you don't
want it to be a stealth game then it's
not a stealth game which is the strength
I feel of the game but but no even even
if you're playing assault because you
can just tear through every level murder
everyone not hide at all even if you're
playing assault it's a self game you're
supposed to kind of sneak around and
stealthily kill people and get to your
next objective you say you like that I
like the the open nature of the gameplay
I know a lot of people do I'm I'm gonna
criticize it a little bit I'm not gonna
say I hate that but I'm gonna I'm going
to poke a hole in there and I'm gonna
say that's maybe not necessarily the
best thing okay jack of all trades
master of none so true i I like this is
the same thing that kind of annoyed me
about Deus Ex it's like you can go
stealth or you can go guns blazing but
it's like just the fact that you can go
guns blazing that kind of diminish the
stealth say I might make some
comparisons to thief and I think that's
fair because they're just asking for it
really they're they're asking for it um
in theif you're not really that good at
combat you can do some sword stuff but
you're not really the game's not
designed for you get killed easier if
you try that stealth is the way to go in
theif and when you're sneaking around
there's a lot of tension will I get
caught because you can get murdered
easily in Dishonored 2 if you get caught
a block them they'll grab and they'll
choke them out because I just did the
combat thing that was pretty easy to do
yeah I don't really need to be quiet
it's not necessary so I founded
Dishonored 2 there's not quite as much
tension it's it's more of a self-imposed
tension yeah yeah yeah I guess that's
fair it's it's like for me someone who
is not incredibly patient and likes the
action games it worked out great cuz I
would try I would try to be sneaky and
if I couldn't I would just say yeah
fuckin I'm murdering everyone and jump
in swords blazing you could you could do
a lot of really fun and exciting action
things in the game and so like for
someone like me who really likes action
games it's satisfied my itch very Osher
up that stuff is very fun I'm not saying
it's bad not saying it's bad
I'm just saying Rob's a little bit of
attention from the stuff
by the way speaking of the
jack-of-all-trades approach yeah and why
don't necessarily think this is the best
thing I was playing that that first area
where you got to get to the Pope and I
try I was having a lot of trouble
sneaking through there for whatever
reason I kept getting caught like no
matter what I did this is like a ton of
guard there's a ton of guards everywhere
there's almost too many dad guards for a
stealth game yeah and eventually after
trying this difficult stealth process
behind him and sneak over there what
worked was just sprinting through all
the guards straight to the boat all
right here's the question Joe would
actually try and Stoldt this or do I do
this the fast way wait until they give
up searching oh my god you know what I'm
not patient enough for that
yo
detection 26:26
I could see how you would consider that
negative but I just view it as another
positive that's a real option like
fucking I'm gonna speedrun the game you
got noticed by everyone
you get shits tell yep oh yeah that the
game lets you decide how involved you
want to be with it and if you're the
kind of person who just says fuck it I
want to get to the next chapter you
could do that but it makes you feel
really stupid when you spent like an
hour trying to sneak through that area
first no no because you that's what you
wanted all right they're letting now
right do what you wanted isn't that the
best choice
I here's here's a criticism I have of
the game I don't always know when I'm
hidden sure you duck behind things and
that didn't always necessarily work like
I thought I was hidden I felt like I was
around the corner enough but then I seen
a little lightning bolt over the guards
head there is get him a ride I thought I
was behind this thing it's behind this
thing another comparison the thief go
ahead and compare like I always knew
when I was hidden in thief
well thief kids gives you a little
bubble thief's got a little bobble on
the bottom of the screen and you're
hidden when you're in darkness and the
more darkness you're in the more hidden
you are and you know Oh hidden you are
because this little gem at the bottom of
the screen and based on how dark that
gem is you know how much you are being
seen right I don't really know what I'm
playing dishonor I know I hit the button
to duck but I don't know how hidden I am
relative to what people can see it makes
it hard you know I get that like lack of
the lack of information means you have
less to go on as a gamer but I kind of
liked how they didn't give here like a
little bobble because then you just got
to figure it out and it made me play a
lot more cautious when I wanted to be
stealth full you know like oh I'd make
sure I'd get above people and I do give
you a tiny little window like you know
you see the white lightning bolt you can
you can go back and hide and then the
lightning bolt disappear so it gives you
a little bit of a warning and it just
kind of teaches you naturally I felt
where you're hidden so you say that like
the tutorial tells you enemies tend not
to look up you're pretty safe when
you're up on a high ledge through first
first stage of the game I'm trying to
get out to that boat and I'm standing up
on a thing and I'm looking for an
opening in the guards right there he is
I'm standing up here on this tutorial
told me I'm safe up here I'm up why they
see me when I'm up so I didn't know
where I was hidden even though I was
taking actions that I thought were
proper actions to be hidden
I can I can see the pros and cons you
want you want to make informed decisions
yes on when you're in stealth and when
you're not you wanna you want a black
and white or at least something that
gives you the black and white scale yeah
and the game doesn't give you that
someone there I get the chance
I'm going to ask for a transfer to the
Grand Palace why shouldn't I
I deserve as much well the magic powers
they kind of nerf the game a little bit
to like like blink what in a blink in a
stealth game just the ability to
teleport is nearly anywhere god that is
it makes everything just so much easier
yes and quicker like it's a good way to
pick up the pace of the stealth game
options this game is all about options
where because when you get magic the guy
who gives you magic is use the option to
like decline you could play the game
without magic I kind of I kind of liked
that concept and what are you willing to
become 15 years ago I asked Corvo that
last question this is the moment that
changed him now it's your turn Emily
you
I I respect that so much I didn't do it
just for Speed sake I need to play the
game but I think I think in our future
playthrough I'm going to go through no
magic that was one of going back to
another supposed game about choices do
if you remember the original BioShock
yeah
something that always bothered me about
that original BioShock you enter the
underwater city and you immediately find
a vial full of glowing liquid and
without you the player making any
decision your character jabs it into his
arm and injects himself with some
strange glowing liquid I thought that
was the biggest crock of shit in any
game about choices ever so here in
Dishonored 2 you get the choice and and
beyond just like use magic or not kill
people or not stealth or not the levels
themselves I need to talk very highly
about how these levels are laid out the
options you have are numerous and
wonderful and there's almost no
hand-holding whatsoever
mm-hm in most games you have a corridor
and you need to go down the corridor
some games you'll have a corridor and
maybe a vent you can go through this
game has a corridor upper balconies
hidden rooms that you can find basement
sewers so many options Jackie would have
loved faith I could this game really is
the spiritual successor to thief I and
like bathrooms they're big bathrooms is
this a bathroom there's nothing there's
nothing new gameplay reason for him to
be there it makes it makes the world
feel more real though very early on
I'm trying you're trying to make our way
to a boat and I keep dying because I'm
trying to walk down the street to the
boat and all of a sudden I see a little
thing I can jump up a jump on and I say
oh well maybe I'll jump up there and
climb around on the catacombs and
accidentally I slashed my sword at some
pieces of wood blocking a door and
normally in a game you see wood blocking
a door and that means
you can't go in there but I broke the
wood and I could just go in this room
and sneak through apartments are you
saying the door was a real door it's a
real door and not some kind of
decorative thing to give the illusion
that there was some kind of sensible
architecture going on right and I found
this area without the game saying you
can break wood on doors to enter new
areas all by myself all the levels are
are real and it's very satisfying to go
through them you say that but then again
on the other hand you know the heart you
can use that helps you find the rooms
and the power-ups so many fucking icons
all over the goddamn screens like all of
it Oh like obnoxious to the point where
it's not even really helpful because
you're just getting too much fucking
information right fifty feet away 20
feet away sixteen meters one mile four
miles that way those are in four miles
that way in one single room that you can
get through ten hours into the game
there's a rune over in rocket League you
actually have to turn off dishonor to go
play rocket League there's a rune over
there for you I just remember that vague
objective marker I remember like it
annoyed me is it this level and like
like a hospital kind of thing and you
there's a really neat sequence where you
have to like actually make a serum to
cure to cure like a zombie kind of
plague thing and you know exercise put
the beaker on the thing and you pour the
thing in and like one of the ingredients
you need the blood from an infected
person and like okay now I gotta look
for like a sign from or it's gonna be
like I some kind of sign for a mornay
there's something in like a map I can
find and then fine oh there's a big
objective marker oh it's just in the
next room and there's a big icon over it
and it's not like an illogical place
like if I turned the objective markers
off I wouldn't hunt for morgue signs I
wouldn't know to look for that one
random body that was just on the ground
over there in just a room
so yeah objective objective markers were
a little annoying but you can turn them
off options
the game has option we live in a world
where people
the hand-holding though and you can
choose to do that and they don't they
designed the games around the hand hold
language they didn't have the objective
markers you would be hopelessly lost
because these things don't like the like
the corpse you gotta find it's just a
random corpse you wouldn't necessarily
be able to figure out where to go yeah
so I agree
hmm the other negative about the level
design is it gets a little samey
you start off in your mansion and then
you go to like the rundown streets with
kind of run-down apartments and then
your next stop is other rundown streets
with run-down apartments and then you go
to another mansion and then run down
streets and then another mansion luckily
the game gives you power ups and in the
later mansion levels the man the
mansions even though the mansions look
the same the mechanics that surround the
mansion make it interesting enough but
like all of the city areas are basically
just at a rundown city this one's got
whale blood in it
this one's got sand traitorous dog
not fit for the watch uniform
one of the neat things you know thinking
about like that dr. mission was
different branching objectives so we've
been framed for killing royalty so we go
to hunt the crown killer and as it turns
out it's a doctor who's under some sort
of zombie serum so we could kill the
doctor you don't have to like if you
just attack the doctor right away killer
mission over you want or you can go
around that doctor to another part and
find the serum and go do the serum and
then the Cure the doctor and she can
help you out in later missions that's
neat
would you believe me doctor hi patient
she believes me she knows something's
not right in a de Meyer I wanna I want
to talk a little bit about extra bits of
world-building very often I would come
across these little side stories that
that had nothing to do with my mission
or the game in general mm-hmm but were
so neat I was in an area where I was
trying to sneak past a bunch of guards
and in the middle of all those guards
they were sentencing people to death and
there was a firing squad and they were
saying for crimes against our book of
honor you will be put to death and I
think their crimes were like they stole
food because they were hungry so I got
to make a choice like do I want to go in
and try to save these guys who stole
food but I will get noticed but I didn't
have to I could just let them die and
sneak would you say that is choice in
gaming done right yes yep it let me tell
my own story rest now but know that I'm
going to end Delilah's reign I swear it
at death's door I smell the corruption
of the void upon you a heretic against a
heretic laughable so I talked earlier
about how the levels get kind of samey
you know run down city or mansion
the really neat thing about the mansions
is they give you puzzles to solve like
there's this mansion called the
clockwork mansion and what it is is it's
two mansions because every room has a
little switch and it like does a whole
clockwork everything switches in the
mansion like it's it's a living room -
CooCoo now it's a bathroom and some of
the walls flip and so you have to figure
out like oh if I press the button and go
on to the tub then I flip around with
the wall and I can get into a new area
or like portal you can get in between
the walls and see all the mechanics of
the mansion and it was some of the
neatest shit in the world I spent way
too much time in the clockwork mansion
because everything was different I just
wanted to make sure I explored every
little room it sounds like you really
liked the game I really did like the
game the the other the other thing we we
go into one of our last mansions and
they take all your powers away and they
replace it all with a time watch where
you can either be in this mansion in
present-day time or 50 years ago or 30
years ago or however many years ago so
you can either jump back and forth
through time or the watch fans up and
you can just see in the other time oh so
neat and then you know there'd be areas
in the mansion in the future that were
blocked off because like a wall fell
down well you can just go to the Past go
through the wall before it fell down we
we've talked about this before with
other games where in big triple-a games
sometimes you'll have one level of a
neat idea and a lot of indie games
nowadays we'll just take that one idea
and try to stretch it through a whole
game and it gets old and it gets old but
here in Dishonored 2 we go back to that
wonderful like no here's our one neat
time-travel level cool and it breaks up
the monotony it made it made the game
fresh again just as I was getting the
hang of all the powers and sneaking
around and like oh great another
mechanical guard a boom all taken away
now you get to travel back and forth
through time Oh hmm
how much fun
you should have stayed and you're boring
it alone
I'd like I'm probably not gonna put many
spoiler warnings on this because the
story is so fucking simple your aunt
takes your throne away at the end of the
game you beat your aunt and you get your
throne back like surprised well I mean
at the end of the day is this
necessarily the quality of your plot
it's it's how you how you tell that bed
story right it's it's the journey and I
felt like the journey was it acceptable
every level you get another piece of the
puzzle you take on another character who
helped overthrow you and it moved along
nicely it's it's like Arkham Knight
where they take something that's fairly
generic and you'd just through good
storytelling techniques they do it right
they make it work yeah it's one of those
stories where once you get the
introduction you you know how it's all
gonna play out yes yeah and we're gonna
beat this guy up and take out the pawn
and we're gonna figure out the secret of
the Queen what her real motive a who's
behind that and then we're gonna kill
her and then we're gonna be back on stir
when you know you know how the story is
gonna play out but it doesn't matter if
they tell that story right so rich yes
would you recommend Dishonored 2 I guess
I loved the real thief 5 now with
Jared's voice which was the one the 1
selling point like the minute I heard
that oh I'll play Dishonored to stay
rustle fuck yeah
great I also recommend it I think it was
a really fantastic game and I'm actually
it's it's one of the few games that I'm
looking forward to replaying ok one of
the one of the downsides of replaying
you can't just replay a chapter you just
want to play that clockwork mansion over
oh it's so fucking good
how about a mod somebody bought this you
can just play the clockwork mansion over
and over again or the time travel level
over and over again yeah the time travel
level over and over again oh yeah like
the time travel level over and over
again
