No Man's Sky
August 23, 2016
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-no-mans-sky/

hey Jack hi rich
literally what are we talking about the
nameless what's going on we're gonna
talk about no man's sky no man's sky is
a rarely seen genre of the looking at
funny rocks and animals simulator you
play as the man in the know sky and
you're tasked with deciding which funny
rock and animal to vaporize then you can
power your ship with their innards in
order to fly to a different planet so
you can continue looking at funny rocks
and animals that's no man's guide I
remember yes the first III were no man's
sky shut up and and just look so amazing
like this is planet and all these things
you get your ship and you fly to another
planet and there are other things and
you get your ship and there's space pals
everywhere and look very exciting it
look look great like oh god well this
looks refreshing this looks interesting
and then a year went by and it was at
the next e3 e3 2015 yeah and this is
lush planet and animals are everywhere
and then you get your ship and you fly
out then there were space pals and they
flew to another planet like all of this
looks the same Oh God
there's not gonna be enough variety and
the things you do yeah it's my big worry
after e3 2015 was that it was just gonna
get old really quick yeah so I was
braced to be disappointed sure sure you
know like looking back I recently
rewatched that that first trailer yeah
and just Magus you know space battles
and dinosaurs and it all it looks so
beautiful and I remember like as we were
getting closer and closer to the release
of no man's sky everyone in myself
included had the same question which was
but what do you do in the game
procedurally generated whole planets
procedurally generated galaxies like oh
great but what are you doing the game
so so then in the game what you have to
do is like like I said you have to find
rocks that will power your spaceship and
your spacesuit and then on each planet
are these little houses and the houses
will have people in them and if you
interact with them in a certain way that
you can find like upgrades to your gun
or upgrades to your suit or upgrades to
your ship and then you do all that you
fuel up your ship you jump off to
another star
and then you go to the second planet
which is procedurally generated looks
completely different and completely
different completely different in theory
looks completely different completely
different it looks different enough to
be called different it looks every
planet is a different shade of rocks yep
no technically speaking it's all random
technically speaking they're all
different but really it's just it's the
same house with a different coat of
paint it's like it's like it's like
driving in the suburbs and they had the
dull model of house yes some some people
have pink shutters and some people have
a wrought-iron gates people have a
wooden fence yeah all the same
blueprints and and when you drive down
the suburbs you don't really notice the
difference you just notice all these
basically look the same yep as you drive
another all colonial ranches with
different coats of paint on them and
that's once I got to like my third or
fourth planet the the facade of
difference really started to break down
because let's even assume that every
planet is 100% unique and you were wowed
by the variety you're still going to get
the same houses on that planet there's
still going to be the pod that you get
your suit upgrade they're still going to
be the trading bait they're still going
to be the little capsules that give you
ship upgrades you know what to expect on
every planet so the diversity
surrounding that is kind of moon you
know you're gonna find the little red
flowers that give you the main iam nine
or whatever it's called
you know you're gonna get the things
that look like giant clams that give you
carbon you know you're going to get the
yellow flowers that give you
zinc yeah every planet has the same shit
on it like I said it's the same the same
blueprints different color wall
different yard decorations
yeah but the plots are all basically I
tentacle
there's no goal there's no there's
there's nothing I'm building towards I
was the whole time I was playing I was
like struggling for games to compare it
to and at first I was comparing it to
like other space games like mass effects
got an exploration combat or or lead
dangerous that's a really good space
flight sim then I realized the best game
to compare this to was actually stardew
valley stardew valley is a game were
where you kind of like can mined for
resources and then you do crafting to
get a bigger barn and the end goal in
stardew valley this is not really one
you just you want that bigger farm but
at least I've built a farm and I get
something out of that I don't really
feel like I'm gaining anything with all
this grinding I'm doing a no man's sky
at the end of the day in stardew valley
you can walk out of your house and look
upon a thing you created you created
your farm your barn is there your crops
are in a certain way you made the path
you made something if you buy a ship in
no man's sky like you didn't make that
it's just something you have now there's
no end goal there's nothing earned yes
in no-man's yes well you got a slightly
bigger ship you have better upgrades on
your gun to do what with keep getting
more upgrades for your gun but you don't
get that that satisfaction of looking at
your farm I guess right right
no man's sky feels utterly desolate
there's there's there's there's not like
where where the space factions you have
to choose side between the rebellion and
the Federation but if you start doing
missions for the rebels the Federation
doesn't like you that much and they put
a bounty on your head or maybe maybe you
could choose to be like a space pirate
all those thing all those freighters you
see by your gonna you could attack them
and you steal their ship and or or maybe
you could just choose to be a traitor
maybe you could like like go onto the
one planet that's like like a smuggler
planet and get like a cargo or like gold
maybe you could smuggle drugs within
that and fly into like the the secure
system and drop off the goods no here's
Rock take pictures of the rocks and
shoot the rocks and I think what
everybody wanted was like an actual
space universe sim yeah didn't get it
even the stuff we do get is so light you
know the the every planet is full of
these like knowledge stones and like
these weird alien artifacts that that
give you insights into like the story
ish and into alien factions that that
help you learn the language you'll learn
a few bits of language and then you'll
get this little conversation with an
alien person and you have to make a
decision in that conversation and
sometimes you're standing with an alien
race will raise or lower what does that
do
nothing nothing happen if is it
unfinished I don't think I I mean we we
know already that the stuff that they
had said was going to be in the game is
not in the game not I didn't didn't they
say you they're like pick sides and a
galactic war wasn't that order it at
some point like here we're at the
boundary between two warring factions I
could join in
I could take sides
there's nothing resembling that I know a
lot of people are tossing out like the
the hello games lied to us and I don't
think they lied to us I don't think
there was anything malicious supposedly
a lot of like the animal AI type stuff
like isn't there like you planet animals
eating plants and interacting with the
environment was not in this game it's
not they just kind of wander around
right but but I don't think they lied I
don't think they like I don't think
there's the demo they showed is
basically a fabrication of things that
really aren't in the game right a lie to
me implies a malicious intent
I don't believe they said we're gonna
trick it okay buddy I think they wanted
things to be in the game that due to
time and budget and small team could not
end up in the game but they still charge
$60 for it
that's where it gets a little tricky
what really what I think no man sky is
the the comparison I keep making is it
is a arthouse community theater play
that ended up advertising itself as a
Hollywood blockbuster had this been a
$20 steam game I think everyone would
have been really happy just like an
indie steam game I really twitting $20
is just acceptable for what in the end
is the equivalent of the Zen garden I I
really believe that this game the the
point of this game is to look at weird
stuff and upload your findings to the
Internet if it would even if you like
took these elements these randomly
generated maps and the scanning and the
crafting and you put it inside an other
space game it would be all the fluff
that would help prop up a different game
yeah oh man sky you're just getting like
I don't know like the the bare bones the
skeleton of a framework of a universe no
it feels like a tech demo that they were
going to show Bioware in a hope that
they would buy their random planet
generation engine for the new Mass
Effect game that's what it feels like to
me yeah yeah
it feels like technology that would go
into an actual game
it's a letdown it's a huge letdown how
many ways can you say it's a wet time we
can't we can't do an episode about this
game because there's just not enough
shit to talk about right it's so young
randomly been around and read a random
planet this is a shoot the rocks go to
the other random planet shoot the rocks
good eh you have a fucking discussion
about that how do you critique that I
get you know something I definitely want
to mention is throughout the gameplay
there were so many technical things that
bothered me that like even even in the
walking around simulator I feel like
they failed all the time there's this
little blue bar on the lower right-hand
corner of your screen that gives you
like a helpful hint like did you know
you can hold down r2 if you want to take
off from the planet keep in mind I've
been flying a spaceship for eight hours
now so I fucking know how to take off
from a planet did you know that if you
press the triangle button you can switch
your weapon mode even though I have shot
every Sentinel I've come across and have
been mining ship for eight hours there's
like little helpful hints I've already
done all that shit and it normally is
something like that wouldn't bother me
because I'd be paying attention to the
game but the game was so boring that I
just kept on looking at that little
helpful reminder saying I already did
that there was a DLC ship for
pre-ordering the game and the game would
not fucking shut up about it
I had the default ship that I started
with I was upgrading that I wanted I
wanted to earn my own ship somewhere in
the galaxy they wanted to find a crash
one or buy one from a from a space
station right but every two fucking
seconds reclaim your DLC ship
reclaim your DLC ship reclaim your DLC
ship and I finally did just a shut up
well rich you know being a PC game pc
games are known for all of their options
so I'm sure there was an option to turn
those off nope Oh No
no the one that wasn't an option turn
that off what am I really nice to shut
off the obnoxious notifications you know
what else would've been nice to shut off
what the obnoxious achievement shit
there's like a hole in game achievement
jerk milestone this is your milestone
and you don't feel like you're doing
anything you don't care about any of
them because the game's boring but they
fucking pop up every few minutes like
you know you did something you've walked
10,000 units
whoa big fucking deal they have to
actually pretend you're doing something
they have to pretend you're
accomplishing something in this game
that's the thing and every one time one
of those things popped up I'd say so I
don't feel like I've done anything my
way yes
I've worked 50 times that's great does
that mean I'm closer to my objective I
don't know I have one of those pop up
when I was fight those sentinel drones
and I couldn't shoot at the seminal
drugs because I couldn't see a cursor
because there's a mile so meanwhile I'm
getting shot to pieces milestone oh god
now normally a game would give you the
option to turn off achievement
notifications but this game has them
integrated into the system fucking like
a bunch of tiny things that in a better
game would be nitpicks but here it's
it's it's all we have to focus on you
know you know what you know the weird
thing about this games I don't know what
it is you feel like you're knee-high oh
don't always doesn't it always feel like
the camera is hovering right over the
ground
your character is abnormally short
absolutely what creates that illusion is
just like some really shitty textures
and it makes you feel like you're closer
to the grittier like camera angle I
guess depth of era what do you call that
the field of view field of you I here's
a field of view yeah fucking defaults to
75 oh sure I had to manually bump that
shit up oh you guys a man yeah well you
know you played it on PC I played it on
the ps4 so you had to manually bump it
up to 90 I didn't have an option to
change oh wow wow it was just stuck at
75 so for the whole game I was looking
at it through a tiny little box window I
would have loved to change my field if
you fucking
mom's playing on PC it ran a bit bumpy
here and there yeah
I'm something planning on the ps4 you
had a much smoother experience though
this is probably you know the hardware
is the same every ps4 riots he probably
had a smoother experience so you know as
part of the PlayStation III was an
exclusive to consoles PlayStation
it crashed on me a total of 12 times
it crashed it crashed on the PlayStation
4 12 fucking times
so consoles have now officially taken
all of the negative aspects of PC gaming
and none of the positive none of the
positives I didn't get to change any of
my graphics settings but it still
crashes why couldn't I build a thing why
couldn't you know all this shit I'm
gathering these resources why couldn't I
build anything out of it just a few
upgrades don't feel like they make much
of a difference to the overall
experience I by the way that was the
that was the most upsetting part for me
is like I would get a new I get a new
blueprint cuz that's like that's a big
part of the game is finding these
blueprints and you have to go here and
here and here and here and you get a
bunch of random blueprints and finally
oh I found a blueprint that made my gun
fire faster yeah so I was like oh I'm
running into sentinels a lot of fire
faster so then yo I need these minerals
so you go hunt around for the minerals
and that's the game is I want this
blueprint so I go hunt for the minerals
and I make this blueprint and I put the
thing on my gun and it doesn't feel like
it does much more none of the upgrades
make made me feel more powerful or
faster I got a stamina upgrade because
the default walk in this yeah is like is
like an old man with a walker it's
frustration aslam it's the experience
walk around you take in these fantastic
environments that are nowhere near as
interesting as they were in the demo so
I got the stamina upgrade so you get a
slightly longer run period I couldn't
tell you the difference I cannot tell
you how much longer I could run I was I
was very excited because you know the
different upgrades like +1
plus two there's different levels home I
found a plus three blueprints I found
blueprints for a plus three stamina
upgrade whoo
I want to crack that it wasn't in my
blueprints it wasn't there I found the
blueprints then when I went to craft it
the recipe wasn't there I found her
unfortunately though I was at another
location I found that blueprint again it
said you already have the blueprint so I
didn't get it it's a little buggy no
man's sky hello little buggy some
glitches here and there I think I think
me specifically I came into this game
wanting something more and yeah I hate
that I'm gonna say this but this game no
man's sky desperately needed some sort
of story
I needed we have a reputation is the
anti story guys to owe me specifically
to clarify story is only bad when it
replaces gameplay when yeah gameplay who
cares about that so here's the story I'm
telling this doesn't mean that story is
a bad thing right and in fact here's a
situation where if I would have had
something to help motivate me to get to
the next planet or motivate me to walk
over the next mountain I might find you
know a person who can help me or an
interesting story or something other
than another rock that I can scan it's
so dull but there's no there's at the
end of the day there's no point to any
of the things you fuckin do
there's no point any of it small spoiler
warning small spoiler warning large
spoiler but really it's a small spoiler
so I I kept on wandering through the
planets and eventually you realize that
every planet is essentially the same it
all has the same shit on it yeah so then
I said to myself well then my goal is to
get to the galactic core
and I started haulin ass to the galactic
core to get to the only goal the game
has to get to the only goal the game has
which was to reach the galactic core it
was so much of a goal in the game that
it had an entire map screen dedicated to
the path to the galactic core and after
two days I was after two full days of
traveling and this was by the way after
a week of just regularly playing the
game and warping here and there running
into many black holes I was a hundred
and sixty-eight thousand light years
away from the galactic core oh my god
and every jump was maybe two hundred
light years oh my god so I gave up so I
looked up the ending on YouTube I
cheated a little bit and here's where we
get to the big spoiler once you reach
the galactic core the camera starts
going backwards through all the stars
that you visited and we see the galaxies
in the universe and the splendour of all
these Suns and then the game starts over
and that's it oh my god that sounds
horrible
what what so getting to the galactic
core actually did nothing why bother why
bother why bother like I said I really
think that the point of this game this
was an art house project that got a
little too big for its britches the
point of this game was supposed to be
look at this funny planet I discovered
it's a tech demo yeah that that needs a
game build around it it's nowhere near
Simmi enough to be a good space sim it's
a bad harvest moon game because I just
feel like I'm doing that I'm not getting
anything for all of my hard work right
this game was kind of enjoyable if you
just
walk around and enjoy walking around but
I don't know if you want to get some
kind of like Zen meditation out of
playing no man's sky I think I guess I
guess I can understand that every once
in a while I did have a great moment
where you know like you warp into a new
system and you just see the planets and
the asteroids and you see giant
spaceships in the distance and for one
moment I'd go oh this looks beautiful
it's it's too simplistic to have that
kind of emergent storytelling
we're like like like in the Grand Theft
Auto game where you got the five star
alarm and your your your car crashed and
your she just hide in a dumpster and Oh
God the police then oh they didn't see
me all good and that's that's a great
little emergent moment of adventure was
this nothing like that can happen what
you you see the rocks
if you want better planet exploration
but I'm saying this Mass Effect one if
you want better space sim there's a leap
dangerous if you want a better kind of
like mining crafting and growing there
stardew valley there's nothing that no
man's sky does better than some other
game has done before some aspect it's a
bland space sim it's kind of rather dull
exploration well and like I guess that's
that's what I want to make sure I hammer
home in this conversation is even though
my expectations weren't met I I'm not
you know I'm being harsh on the game for
other reasons I I want to be harsh on
the game for what the game tries to do
and I believe fails at it doesn't matter
that this rock is now blue that's the
same rock that's on every planet it
doesn't matter that when you warp into
this planet for some reason the space
around this planet is orange when the
space around the other planet was blue
that's it's all fake yeah it's the
illusion of change so Jack dude do you
recommend no man's sky overall no I do
not recommend no man's sky I have one
very specific recommendation I think if
you're a big pothead
you would love no man's sky I think if
you get high and slowly walk through
beautiful planets and slowly fly through
space it's a very simple game with
repetitive actions and it's beautiful to
look at sometimes so I think if you are
a person who gets high you would really
enjoy no-man's yeah yeah for anyone else
and possibly for some people who get
high they won't like it so no I don't
recommend it and I'm really mad at it
for anybody I don't recommend it for the
price this is not a $60 game this never
should have been a $60 game I think
whether or not you'll enjoy it in part
depends upon well I'm not necessarily if
you'll enjoy it but how much you hate it
it depends upon your expectations like
if you bought into the idea of which I
don't know they ever really sold but of
a fully realized science fiction
universe
you'll and on any planet it's just not
gonna be that it's not gonna be that if
you want some kind of zenny
kind of time waster whether there is no
goal there's just no goal in the fucking
game where you just enjoy walking around
and scanning the same things over and
over again maybe you'll get some of that
it is like as a relaxation tool oh you
know what maybe but I personally don't
really enjoy the game some No
I'm gonna say this yeah this is a game
that actually needs space politics you
know just because George Lucas is a
fuckup doesn't mean that space politics
are boring yeah okay Star Trek
it's fucking builds around space
politics like the Klingons are trying to
get that planted Kirk you got to go down
there and convince them to sign the
treaty with us it alludes to some kind
of adventure or interesting political
stuff Deep Space nine was seven seasons
of like war diplomacy and it fucking
worked some of the best episodes of next
gen were just them figuring out a
diplomatic solution to it was was people
talking in a room about politics
don't let George Lucas have ruined the
concept of space politics for you could
and I like I said I don't want to go too
deep into like what I wanted from the
game because you know what I want and
what the game is are two different
things but like could you imagine if any
of your conversations with the alien was
deeper than figuring out a simple moral
solution the conversations you have with
the alien are so simple and they mean
nothing even you can't even understand
them so you've learned like hundreds of
words you get like one word here and
there sure but like talking to one alien
means nothing when then you talk to the
next alien like imagine building a
relationship with an alien race what
you're saying is they don't do a very
good job of building a world this game
that's all about randomly generated
worlds does not do a very good job at
world building oh my god rich that's it
you know they they should have
procedurally generated some
personalities
