Apr 12, 2016
Stardew Valley
youtube.com/watch?v=ZcUZrkHWoMQ
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/720052886760075265

airplane yeah
it'll be crazy if I crash into the
building that would be crazy by the way
these memory cards and would be worth a
lot of money yeah
news organizations would pay through the
live footage we wouldn't see any of it
no we would stand there buddy
I bet Mike and Jacob salan pretty oh
yeah so at least in our deaths our
friends will profit will profit
Jack replayed stardew valley yeah
according to the steam page it is a
country life RPG it's a it's a
socialization game it's it's a firming
game it's it's a work ethic game it's a
simple life simulator but what it really
is is harvest mode this is this is
old-school like like 16-bit Harvest Moon
unapologetically harvick
unapologetically and you know what I'm
fine with that because Harvest Moon was
a good game and the series started to
suck I think you you nailed it when you
set a work ethic simulator because like
the the crux of this game really is
farming you need to farm and take care
of your crops or livestock every single
day in order to earn money to buy new
stuff it's even more than that though
it's it's a game about building
something out of nothing
the plot of the game because he doesn't
really care that much about a story or
even an ending right is your your
grandfather dies yes and he leaves you
his farm and and you're working some
horrible soul-sucking office job and you
decide fuck it all I'm gonna work my
grandfather's old farm and you get there
and the farm is a wreck because your
grandfather was a terrible farmer
cuz fries are over this there's this
trees they have to be like 60 years old
so your grandfather when he owned the
farm those trees were all over the
fucking place he didn't give a shit and
there's boulders everywhere how the fuck
did those boulders get there he was
growing bald but he was a growing bolder
he's a bolder farmer so you know what
happens is they start you off with with
nothing
farm that's just in ruins and through
hard work because you have to work at
fixing things up every day you turn this
wreck into a beautiful functioning
vibrant farm yes with crops and animals
and all these things and it started out
of the dirt you the theme of the game is
you're taking the dirt and growing
something yeah
yeah I do think that the story of the
game the little sort of the game that we
do get is incredibly ironic because your
character leaves the repetitive dreary
office job in order to grow plants so
they can sell the plants so they can buy
seeds so they can grow more plants so
they can sell the plant so they can buy
more seeds so they can grow more plant
so they can sell the plants and buy more
seeds that's a very interesting point
I mean you are building you are building
towards something the game is very
repetitive good bad otherwise you are
doing the exact thing you you do have
your routine you get a routine you you
you wake up you water the plants got to
do that first thing refill the can you
water the rest of the plants and then
you you will lock the chicken coop and
you pet your chickens
you have to pet all of your chickens
then you feed your chickens then you
take the eggs then you go to the cows
and you milk the cows and you pet the
cows you feed the cows actually before
you go to the cows first you need to
take the eggs to your mayonnaise machine
because that takes four in game hours to
make the mayonnaise so put the eggs in
then go pet your cows feed your cows and
milk your cows so you can go back in
order to switch out the eggs for new
eggs to make more mayonnaise and you put
your cheat your milk in the cheese
machine then the next day you do the
same thing again
this is my I I have I have a love-hate
mostly hate relationship with this game
yeah yeah income I respect a lot of the
things they were trying to accomplish
and I think they accomplished them very
well but jesus H chrism was I born like
all the time were you biting off more
than you can chew some days some days I
was pushing it some days I just take
over like oh I just go fish and I was
like this is my fishing day and I'm just
gonna go fishing today and fish you know
you can get some decent money selling
fish cuz here's the kicker
yeah here's the kicker right you don't
have to do any of this they give you the
farm and some tools you don't have to be
the most productive farm and all the
world if you want you just plant a few
patches seeds here and there have a
couple animals take it fairly easy yep
you don't have to bust your nut sack to
have the also super farm so much corn
there's also like a leisure that they
they want they want they want you to
feel that small-town life yeah because
in addition to the farm the other the
other half of this game is socializing
with people yep you make friends you can
go to the little Rancher lady and you
give a rag every day and eventually she
becomes your friend and she likes you
she sends you her recipes were for
cookies or something like that she says
hi to you when you enter the store I was
wooing a couple ladies wind is there
ruining this game does this sounds
important this you know if if if you see
someone who is single and you give them
presents eventually if you get enough
hearts if they like you enough you can
get married there is marriage in this oh
my god and so there are a couple ladies
up penny the schoolteacher
adorable lady and Leia
the local artists I'm just definitely
heading towards lai lai la is night I
liked penny though you know why she'd
spend a whole as she spends all of her
day in the library just reading books
and I think I can deal with penny is a
sweet lady but she's also sticking the
book
penny let's be honest but if Penny's had
a hard life
very nice and a boy you can't be married
I'd like to share an example of this
game the very the most exciting thing
that happened to me while playing this
game and I think after I tell the story
a lot of people will know whether or not
this is a game for them here was the
most exciting thing that happened to me
while I was playing the game was I just
built my chicken coop and I wanted to
build a nice wood path that goes from my
front door of my house to my chicken
coop I thought that would look really
nice and you know if you build a wood
path weeds won't grow up in it so you
don't need to worry about cutting the
grass but I had already used my hoe and
like tried to dig up the ground there
and you can't build a wood path on dirt
you need ground the difference between
dirt and ground is very important this
game and so I built all the wood paths
that I could but there were like three
patches that I needed to wait for the
ground to grow back over the dirt and so
every couple of days I'd go back and oh
here's another patrick ground I can make
my wood path now and eventually all the
ground came back and I was able to make
a complete walking path from my front
door to my chicken coop and that was the
most exciting thing that happened to me
while playing this game ya know it feels
good once once you you turn that that
patch of empty land into a functional
thing I have a barn I own a bar now yeah
is what you think mmm just a video game
it just pixels on a screen but it's your
barn when you when you upgrade your
house you're upgrading your house
I have a little home now I'm now a
homeowner you it like there are some
aspects of it that are really nice like
with the farming you can you can like
fence off like an orchard area and you
say oh this is where my trees will be
and this is where my corn will grow and
up here I'm going to build a bee houses
and make a flower patch and that is very
nice it's all cute it's all fun it's all
part of the system that is terribly
terribly boring is it boring or as I say
phytic is strangely relaxing it's it's
escapism into a different world it is
it's the country life fantasy maybe
maybe this is this is good old Jack who
grew up on a farm and knows what farming
is and I don't give a shit about
oh you've lived it I live it there there
are you know adventure games fighting
games that make you feel powerful racing
games they make you feel fast puzzle
games make you feel smart what what does
this do it makes you do chores but it's
good honest chores that end up paying
off eventually
I appreciate so much of this game you
dictate the pace and I really liked how
they forced me to think ahead
what do you want to accomplish today oh
oh what do I want you know what I want I
want to stable yeah because the goals
you set for yourself yeah there's not
like a linear progression like now I
have to get the bar someone you want to
check up would you want a bar or do you
want to chicken coops right there you
build a stable but all of the time in
between was repetitive boring nonsense
okay well I need 500 Wood chop I'm gonna
hold this button and chop this tree then
I'm gonna go over to this tree and hold
this button and chop this tree and I'm
gonna go over to this tree and all this
button and chop this tree then I'm gonna
hold the button and chop this tree well
you don't have to do this I mean you
could you could switch it up maybe today
you chop the wood maybe tomorrow you do
the fishing just maybe the day after
that you could use a little bit of
mining sure you can you can switch it up
you can but I will argue that each
individual task is terribly and
dreadfully boring I will I will
attribute some of your complaints to
them the vast amount of time you getting
again I don't feel short to you but it
feels really long to me where I have no
trouble doing all of the repetitive
things every day there's not that that
time crunch to get all of your crops
water before the festival starts in oh
three seconds but it's like even if
there even if there was a time crunch
you're just you're going up to you know
water here move a little water here move
a little water here every single fucking
day I built so well here so I can get
here so I'm going here water here move
here water here got a pet my dog you got
a pet your dog I don't know if you need
to put water in station time you need to
pay your dog you don't did you don't get
anything out of your fucking dog in this
game honestly I don't understand the
purpose I thought it might have scared
away crows but you need scarecrows for
that
I don't know what the value of the dog
is there's no value there's no value in
the document other than the fantasy of
having a farm with a dog exactly exactly
this game is all about the fantasy
escapism of simple life simple life
yeah a life by the way where from from
someone who grew up in the simple life
a life that we strive to get out of
grass is always greener grass is all
grass is always greener grass you damned
city kids you damned city kids thing is
gonna be so great on the farm
especially when you grow it yourself
just just wait till wait till you have
no internet access in the only movie you
can watch a super girl on VHS then we'll
see how happy you are to farm
let's talk about mining yes let's talk
about the combat system
I wish there wasn't one because
everything I say about the simple life
escapism is ruined by fighting monsters
so you have a mind and you need to go
down the mines to get resources like
copper or iron ore so you can smelt that
into bars to make your stuff yeah but
for some reason there are little
monsters down there and you have to
fight the monsters while mining for
resources
I don't think it's terrible combat as a
minigame in another game it's okay it's
just it's horribly out of place in a
Harvest Moon game which is called
stardew valley no well like there are
little fantasy elements there's Apple
ghosts what our land spirits which kind
of you can argue fits in with farming
and whatnot well that's all I'm saying
there there is a bit of a fantasy
element and you have to make offerings
to the Apple ghosts to get rewards and
so there's ghosts since the slime
monster I'm just saying it's as out of
place as like a Superman knocking over
buildings that are filled with people
and like smashing people through
concrete walls you know you wouldn't
associate that with Superman it's it's
our place it's it's like as out of
places say like Batman wearing an Iron
Man combat suit and using guns yes it
would be it would like if Batman would
ever use guns that would that would be
like as out of place as fighting the
slime monsters okay Valley okay
crack me some walls I I'm using the
stone fences around my crowd I have a
couple little crop areas I was so upset
with like the durability unlike the
regular wooden walls stone walls I'm
just going I'm going straight to the
hardwood now for everything he painted
the but to find it all you know you can
make iron fences that that last I think
it up to a year up to a year yeah yeah I
know I know the hardwoods supposed to
last the longest sure like my stone
fences lasted two seasons and then
started a crumble but I just like the
way they look I don't like the aesthetic
on the iron you know
well yo ya know the iron I think looks
dumb I like my stone fences they look
good they look good and you know like
rock is a pretty easy to come by
resource and so like making more stone
fences isn't really that hard this is
the exciting back-and-forth of this
landscaping it's your it's your fantasy
place and you can do whatever the fuck
it's like especially when you know it
meant more to me when I was a little bit
younger I don't know man now yeah it
means less to me now but when I was
younger so is my property it was like
the fantasy of having a life when I
didn't have one quite yet that's what it
is it's like this yeah I am arranging my
pond with the grass and the trees on my
my property that I own and I'm gonna
paint my house cuz I own a house and I
could pass something I could paint I
like that and I get it and and here's
here's the other thing is I think they
did it well like all of its there all of
the elements are there to make that game
where if that's what you want to do it's
great but it's just for me every day was
tedium I I think didn't you didn't you
like fire watch fire fire watch had a
very nice narrative
is this is a very popular game right now
yeah very popular RIT like high up on
steams bestseller list
everybody's streaming it everybody is
let's playing this and I think this game
is perfect for streamers really perfect
it's really adorable and completely
mindless you so you know what you have
beautiful visuals and while you're
watering the grass you can talk about
the latest movie that's out out jibber
with it with your with your streaming
audience mmm I'll go what don't worry I
want to get the seeds planted seeds
planted in water it's very important to
me we got all right new to this game
this is the calendar this game's year is
only like four months long and every
month is just a full season cuz my my
thoughts are kind of the opposite yeah I
I think this is the distraction from
like a dreary real life it's it's the
fantasy escapist world because it means
less of me now than it did when I was
playing Harvest Moon is like a 19 year
old but but it's that world you want to
be in to get a little bit lost in just a
little bit sure I mean like it like I
said I think all of the gameplay
elements are there and done very well I
loved how long a day was I loved the
time management I loved the open-ended
goals but getting to them was so boring
to me yeah go chop down the wood now
chopping down the wood now teaches hard
work it does
hard work determination and you are a
heartless monster I'm not a heartless
monster
even though two episodes ago I was a
heartless monster now you can be the
heartless monster Jack I I grew up on a
farm I'm a homeowner I deal with that
shit in real life I want to fight a
monster I wa I want I want like to go on
a grand adventure in my escapism and and
you like fire watch fire watch was a
good personal story fire watch was about
losing a loved one my wife is still
alive my wife isn't dealing with early
onset dementia I don't need to
experience that because I could fire
watch doesn't forms I guess I only as a
thing you complained endlessly about
having to walk around in fire watch and
hear you're walking around I wondering
boy you know you can fire watch you're
walking around accomplishing basically
nothing Here I am farming I am watering
crops and I am mine mining I am growing
things I'm building a chicken coop I'm
making my chickens love me I'm making
friends well I am doing things every day
I'm doing a ton of things but not miss
things you're doing your you're
mindlessly but you've got pet two
chickens yet I've got to take the eggs I
gotta feed the chicken together you
gotta feed the cow so it's winter now so
we gotta we got to make sure we're
stocked up on grass because the summer
season so first we got to cut the grass
to put in the silo to feed the chickens
but before you get there I silo you got
to get the rocks and you got to get the
iron but I cannot wait to build that new
mayonnaise machine Jack I'm gonna make
some delicious mayonnaise and I'm gonna
cook some wonderful dishes for my
friends in the town and see that a lot
of these conversations that we're having
I cannot wait to build my new mayonnaise
machine perfectly encapsulate the game
if you are into like the setting up of
building a mayonnaise machine like you
will love this game but for some of us
there
but I like how could I be so rude pull
ur opposite of what we were just two
episodes ago so weird every game is
different it's a personal experience
and I really have three complaints okay
a little bit too leisurely with time
like this is this is a fan game and I
want to some point out made by one man
made by one man one man made the entire
game briefing
it was his name he robbed eric barone
yes I think he just didn't like the
hectic pace of the earlier Harvest Moon
games and I have a lot of time in the
day to do shit this way I don't think
that that helps the feeling of monotony
when you water the crowd for rather the
water proper water peace oh I got to run
and do this this isn't any of you gotta
hurry up and do it in the older Harvest
Moon games so there's that I don't much
like the layout of the town the town
looks like buildings is one nice
fountain and everything else is randomly
the building just lying around to the
woods have you ever been to a country
town I guess I have not literally there
just anywhere like they have no city
planning whatsoever and the music yeah
he's it's pretty lame I the good thing
is it does support mods so you know the
review is done I might mod some music in
maybe in some classic Harvest Moon music
oh so this is the people just people
working on adding to this game and it's
got a large fan base I'm very curious to
see what modding does to start do Valle
might get some neat shit yeah I agree
the my real biggest complaints about the
game above and beyond all of my other
like Anna boredom tedious whatever is
when you are creating your avatar your
character there is no option to be a
bald man
it's discrimination yeah that's fine but
no finals or whatever I liked it yeah I
like parts of it I've you know people
will know whether they'll like this game
or not and here's a real thing it's like
$15 I'm in late winter of my first year
and I'm almost 30 hours in and it's a
$15 game yeah fucking hell man for $15
you can take a risk on a game why if
you're on the fence as far as a simple
life RPG farming simulator is concerned
it's that I think there's enough good in
it certainly if you're a fan of the 16
earlier the earlier Harvest Moon games
you're a fan of those right up your
alley absolutely yeah you call it a work
ethic simulator like I also think it's
like a life balance simulator because
you do need to you know spend some time
cultivating friendships and you need to
spend some time working and if you spend
all of your time working the people in
town won't be your friends and so Kay
did you go to work like seniors
here's the nice thing though you don't
have to you know you could you could
balance your time evenly between work
and play or you all play all fishing law
socializing you really if you really
wanted to do I guess that's true yeah
yes that's true but then you won't get
that bar or if you're a heartless
businessman workaholic you just farm all
day and have this giant fucking massive
farm raking raking millions they're
gonna love me but at the end of the day
you just feel empty you're gonna love me
andand I'm alone cuz really you've
already bought everything just got this
money and sitting around doing nothing
and but if you really really dumb with
your life
yeah but you know penny lives in a
trailer so I bet she'd be down for a
little cash for a bj that's I'm not
putting yes you are you know what I love
penny love penny well then leave that
part in - okay
