Player Unknown's Battlegrounds
August 5, 2017
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-playerunknowns-battleground/

I returned to go
rich rich hi rich
what hi rose oh sorry jack I was just
busy sitting here doing nothing for the
last 20 minutes Oh jack
have you played player unknowns
battleground pick burn
sick burn yeah so honest burn it's an
honor for what what what is player
unknowns battlegrounds it is a shooter
in the style of battle royale where it's
a hundred people versus each other only
one person left standing it's not just
the battle royale sure it's this whole
funky-ass large map they have right it's
it's more it's a mixed kind of between
battle royale and survival I've heard it
I've heard it described as survival and
I don't I don't really see that 100
people starts off as an airplane flies
over the map yeah and you can at any
time over this island you can jump out
of the plane with a parachute land
somewhere and you don't know where
everyone else go in and one spreads out
does the thing but no one starts with
any gear so you need to forage for
supplies how to Shack picnic areas will
have guns
armor ammunition a health pack kind of
fucking island business yeah
is there a backstory for this game I
would love a backstory for this game oh
sure make just to make any kind of sense
out of this old Soviet Island yeah that
is just run down and
with guns
you have to forage for supplies once you
land from the airplane you have to you
know grab all the guns and stuff you can
and then the map area starts slowly
shrinking there is this the blue line of
death yeah and you want to be inside the
circle now stuff like equipment and
vehicles can be randomized and the
circle placement is randomized so you
never really know or the best place to
drop off you don't know where the best
place to drop off and I think one of the
flaws of the game is like after you you
parachute in you start foraging if
you're really unlucky and the the circle
the white the white safety circle is
like all the way on the other side of
the island I I have spent matches where
I have literally just been sprinting
towards the white line and here's how
long is it between intervals the first
one I think you get about five six
minutes
okay this here's here's one of the
problems because like in the worst case
scenario you'll spend a few minutes
running to the new safety area
absolutely don't die in the blue zone
and right when you get there it wants to
shrink again oh and you're going to keep
running I have an entire matches where I
pretty much just ran and ran and ran
until I got sniped right because if you
are fortunate enough to be born within
the white circle you can kind of take
your time find all the good equipment
and find a nice knife zone
you drop in you forage you fight you die
it's a lot of nothing happening long
stretches of time and then it's over in
two seconds a lot of times you in
between all this inactivity occasionally
you do shooted somebody this there's
some action and how it usually works out
is you die and you don't know who shot
you or where they shot you from
I desperately desperately want a killcam
you know give me like 30 seconds before
I died from the perspective of whoever
killed me to see what they were doing
because that would really help me learn
some tactics and strategies when you die
in a video game you should learn a
lesson right
you should understand why you died like
well that's and that's hopefully how you
learn how did I die why did I die how
can I adjust my tactics next time and
because the majority of the time in
battleground you don't know how you died
or who you died to it leaves you feeling
very frustrated yes yeah yeah the
majority of the time there is never a
battle either someone gets the drop on
you or you get the drop on someone and
you die unsatisfied or kill unsatisfied
bhavish you do all this time forging I
uh here's a gun and oh I found it a gun
oh there's a here's a nice helmet and I
have the best armor oh I got you you
spent all this time you get your you get
yourself set up for the long haul and
boom you're dead
it sucks why why why do people please
shooters I'd be in dead serious
what do you mean money people why do
people please shooters simulated
violence can be cathartic I'm not sure
what you're going for here I don't know
where the joy and boom you're dead is
real quick there's no there's no little
battle to that that's not a duel that's
not all I got sniped well I think in
something like this what you're hoping
for is superior tactics or superior
reflexes mm-hmm if somebody happens to
be behind you and you didn't know it
that's not superior tactics and right
kind of a little bit of luck it's luck
of the draw well so in any game like
this you you hey you have a little bit
of luck and you have a little bit of
skill right now in player unknowns
battleground you can get very far on the
luck aspect with almost no skill that's
true and that's a problem
my best matches yeah
I've seen like nobody I had I had I won
match literally literally I saw nobody
the entire game I I wasn't in like the
center of the circle but I was somewhere
on the outskirts and I got lucky enough
where every time it's centered I was
still on the outskirts right and I'm I'm
in this building the whole game I don't
I don't really know what to do because I
know running around is stupid because
you just get to get shot I'm in a fairly
safe place I'm just sitting there I'm
literally I haven't seen a person the
whole game I'm sitting with a shotgun
waiting to see somebody's head pop up
over the stairs that I'm I'm kind of
behind ya and I have no idea where the
bullet came from leaving those on the
second floor not here a window I just
got shot and died I didn't see a soul I
was just I was ranked tooth rank in the
game out of a hundred I was sitting
there not doing anything by the only
entrance not you're a window and somehow
I still got sniped yeah and I think
that's the big problem and I I think I
enjoy battleground a lot more than you
do yeah in that I enjoy it in general
but generally speaking when I make it to
top ten or I've even made it to top five
a couple times I'm spending the majority
of time in a bush
that's that's why you have the circle
mechanic of course they wanted they want
to discourage camping right they want to
make sure well and they want to keep the
tension up keep people moving when when
you when you have this huge map you need
to discourage camping and they've done
this by having you know the Mack shrink
yeah if you find this nice little
sniper's nest well maybe you'll die just
by staying in that area because the area
is left you yeah you can't be there
anymore so they needed to beg people
hurry along I don't think there's a
enough time between map shrinking it
needs to be a bit similar maybe maybe
not so dramatically on the first shrink
it will and that that all it all goes
back to that luck thing where it's it's
balanced too favorably on the luck end
if you just happen to land within that
white circle you take a time a little
bit more you have a better clearer
advantage a crystal clear advantage
but you know just speaking on map size
there's only one map yeah and it doesn't
change yeah
that being said I still haven't seen all
of it
so you know that's big it's big and I
like that it's big because you can
decide to drop down into a new area and
you have a lot of real estate to explore
yeah
what I think what I think they're going
for is very similar you know we just we
just did Friday the 13th yeah and the
Friday 13th stem did a really good job
of setting up the dominoes that the
player could it could happen to knock
over to set up a cool unique moment yeah
and I think that's what the devs in
battleground are going for is like well
you know we're just giving you a
playground go play go do whatever but
the playground doesn't have many toys in
it if I'm going to take my analogy you
got so got to its conclusion and Friday
the 13th
I always know why I died yep I know what
mistakes I made and I also know I have a
fair chance of winning which you don't
have in Club G that's the thing there's
more options in Friday the 13th for
different strategies Oh
this strategy can't work all right now I
can go to B C or D in pub G there's none
of that it's oh this strategy didn't
work I'm dead now I'll try a different
start I'm dead now I'll try - I'm dead
now I'm dead now how did I die I don't
know you know with a hundred to one odds
like you're almost never going to win
this stupid game you never you're never
going to see a W in your column a winner
winner chicken dinner winner chicken
dinner what stops us writing to anyone
else but they I guess it is you know
like when you think about it in a
perfect world you would only win one out
of every 100 time right it's not
necessarily for me
we want what are we need to focus on we
what we are all over the place we are
all over the place we did blue we did
the blue circle like you want to focus
on or do you want to talk about like the
different guns do you want to talk now
vehicles like we could talk about the
different gardens of different vehicles
I don't I know any that really matters
all that much no matter what you find
car armor weapons your death is gonna be
quick and bullshit ninety percent of the
time
no I don't know what killed me I just
died
I heard bang I'm dead oh I'd like to
argue with you but you're absolutely
right yeah yeah they love these
different guns so what so the fuck what
oh you know you can you can change up
your clip you can put a little silencer
on it you're just gonna die you're just
gonna die it's gonna be really quick so
it's not going to be a battle it's gonna
feel like bullshit and you're not gonna
be happy about it this is going to
happen though most of the time you have
most of the time yeah I know and and
that's the flip side to that very same
coin is most of the time killing someone
else doesn't feel great because you
snuck up on them and chopped into the
back
well I'll give pub G over like Call of
Duty or that awful star wars battlefront
game it doesn't feel like a clusterfuck
hmm they've gotten rid of the
clusterfuck where you're you're just
some kind of like factory farm chicken
we just run out there your head cut off
more chicken just come out of the chute
this is all run to the saw blade and I
that's that's call of duty to me yeah by
the way there's a very accurate
description called
duty and how G is not like that okay if
one one solitary life to protect I like
that yeah let's got back going for it
mmm-hmm you know we were playing the
other day in duo where we could play on
the same team and we got into car chases
we were clear in rooms we were working
as a unit that was pretty fun even
though we mostly died to keep that I
want to say if you play this game you
want a group you want to be with a team
solo going at solo
there is no satisfaction to be had I got
literally zero satisfaction out of
playing a solo every I every session
ended with me just saying oh god I hate
this game I never want to play it again
yeah but then I can't get out of god
we're doing a review on us I got him
I parachute it down find a gun got the
drop on somebody shot him three times
flip leg then he turns around on one
shots me I hate this game I never want
to see it again yeah yeah playing play
with you though playing would do oh I I
see I see the potential okay for
something fun when you're actually with
somebody you know and you could work
together like like tactics like alright
Jack I'm going to run take cover over
those barrels can you cover me yep that
was very satisfying
even though you shot me in the back ten
seconds later I don't know what you're
talking about yeah I'm gonna sprint up
behind those Brown clown I'll go to the
boxes on the Left first find the right
first okay all right all right I'm gonna
give you cover ready they might be
coming a long way around - I'm going out
okay I got you okay I think they're
fighting other people right now check
your back they fit their stairs oh no I
think that one there's another one here
teammate around here jack Oh check your
screen hey how's it go okay there's
stairs over here I am almost dead
bastard
there was a very satisfying moment on
the hole where you're executing a plan
and you have teammates to work together
to do something that's that's where you
got something that well and it was
before I accidentally shot you put the
emphasis on the right word here we we
were breaching with tactics we were
working together there was always
someone to watch each other's back it
was really we had that window won laughs
yeah and we went around on either side
of the house and then you kind of went
in first got their attention then I went
in the back door I got him in the back
right something like that new tactics
new tactics although there were also
period of getting sniped and not knowing
where people were getting you from
that's less noticeable when you're
actually having some fun here and there
sure which playing solo I was having no
fun at all with this game yeah
yeah there you go fucker deal with some
smoke I've had Ned shit rich we gotta
kill this guy and get loot okay
okay you I'm going left shit
picked up in might be upstairs go yeah
he's probably upstairs still alright
this is gonna end poorly jack yeah you
know what write poorly for him he's got
a friend to fill right
probably Oh motherfucker so here's the
question here's a big big question which
is do you recommend player unknown
battleground work for me personally yeah
probably not
I absolutely hate I just I despised
going it solo yeah
played it played with you as a team yeah
as a team it was actually fun and I can
see it I can see that potential but I
don't play games to be social being
social for me is actually it's actually
work like here with you you're my friend
we're being social we're at work we're
at work we have order we're filming a
best of the worst for watching movies
I'm being social that is work games are
something when I come home and I just
want to unwind I don't I don't want to
be oh I got to get the group together so
we can play pub gee sure I just want to
I want to go and and shoot the monsters
I want to go I'm gonna play I'm gonna
you know I'm gonna chill and play FTL by
myself sure it's not quite for me okay
but I can I can totally see where this
works when you're playing with a team
okay that's family that's Sarah and I
like I got a lot of enjoyment even on
solo I feel like I really got into this
whole battle royale thing
no watching your back all the time all
of the downtime to me was very tense
even though all the deaths were bullshit
I had a great time I though don't
recommend it yeah I be it I can't
justify this to anyone else and I've
tried people have asked me about it and
I've tried to like pitch them and I
can't recommend this game to anyone
because there's so much bullshit even
though I had a good time part of that
might just because yeah we're doing this
for the show it's a it's a business
expense and so I come into it from a
different mindset I've had a little fun
I probably won't get over 20 hours out
of this game and I think the majority of
people out there will play this game and
think it's bullshit and I can't deny
them that it's not worth it even though
I've gotten some enjoyment out of it I
don't think in general it's worth it as
a player the only time I enjoyed it was
playing together
the only time yeah but we've also played
a really shitty game together and had a
good time yeah cuz you're my friend
exactly that's right all of that that's
a large part of it it doesn't count for
anything
