Friday the 13th: The Game
July 11, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYBt7C8m7LA

the dumbest looking color scape it's
retro
no it's not he wasn't purple and aqua
blue in the original movie this is in
the video games it was you know when
retro Jason is he has a bag on his head
can I say how much I love bag head Jason
you can you can I love bag head Jason
he's my fave my favorite Jason he's got
all the track Jack what are we talking
about we are talking about Friday's the
13th : the game the game that I had no
idea I would actually kind of like it's
a multiplayer online only yep game that
follows the themes and stories of a
horror movie series and I'm not
typically a big horror movie guy right
and here's the baffling part is it
really works it is by far the best video
game that is an adaptation of a movie
ever to exist outside of course of Total
Recall for the NES Big Mike Tirico
because it's so forgettable
so in Friday the 13th the game you play
as either Jason or a camp counselor as
Jason your goal is to murder everything
yes and as the counselor your job is
just to not die you need to get out of
the life yes
yeah this has a name they've done it a
few times whap sided multiplayer game
what is the call was like you got the
one powerful guy and then a bunch of
less powerful people running around oh
yeah I don't want to call it unbalanced
because I think they very carefully did
balance it but just balance for one
versus seven right right well no and I
mean Jason is an unstoppable murder
machine so he kind of has to be in the
game they've done a really good job of
like staying true to the movies yeah
so the PlayStation of the counselors
playing is Jason how's that work okay so
as Jason your only job is to kill
everyone yeah and you have a slew of
powers that help you accomplish your
goal and the overarching theme of a lot
of our discussion is how true the game
developers were to the movies and how
they used the movies powers and tones
and themes to influence gameplay
decisions to the benefit of the game
part of Jason's power is he has the
ability to sense where the counselors
are where if a counselor is afraid
enough they show up bright red in your
vision or if they're in a house the
house shows a bright red Jason has the
power to teleport he can teleport from
one side of the map to the other side
and I know what you're saying Jason
can't teleport or Kenny we all know he
does they have their Robot Chicken joke
about this or he just like Sprint's
really fast well then does like that's
how they make the movie make sense for
gameplay where it does seem in the
movies that Jason can either move
incredibly fast or teleport yeah so they
give you the ability to teleport the
other ability which again is not
necessarily an official power is what
I'm dubbing Evil Dead vision and what is
it what is that even called a shift
shift shift it's people that vision
where you kind of go ghosts and you can
move relatively fast and and pop up
right next to someone well that's that's
that's kind of like how when Jason who
doesn't
run chases somebody he still manages to
keep up with the men that power is
representative of that feature of the
movies yeah like how come 100 she's not
just outrunning this guy fuck you
chasing your contacts prick and Jason's
most powerful power up and also
incredibly true to the movie he has the
ability to turn his evil music off for
the gotchas basically they figured out
how to incorporate a jump-scare
into gameplay scene and it's amazing
one of the mechanics of the game is as
Jason gets closer is evil scary music
gets louder and louder
so as Jason you can turn that off sneak
up on someone for the rule right
oh I had the best moments like that yeah
uh counselor was was running from me and
he was he just he wasn't going into the
cabin through the window but she climbed
through the windows and he was going
through the front door so he opens the
front door when he opened the door I
used that shift power a zoomed into the
house so the counselor you know he
doesn't see me he walks into the cabin
shuts the door behind him he barricades
the door he turns around and there I am
I got a genuine jump scare out of
another player quietness Jason and what
rich just described here is what makes
Friday the 13th the game's so
exceptional they have done an amazing
job of setting up the pieces to make a
moment from the movie happen in a game
yeah yeah yeah
we look at your french fries mustard the
other the other thing with Jason that
they realize is that those movies
they're not atmospheric horror movies
those movies are all about the gory
spectacle yep
and there are a fair amount of really
fun kills
and it takes forever like while you're
doing this how do people to be running
away but you don't care because fucking
awesome kill is going up and to me like
that's that's perfect balance as Jason
you do get bonus points for using
different kills variety yeah
and so you want to use them to get more
points and because they look amazing but
like you said while you're doing that
other people could be getting away
that's and this doesn't even include all
the environmental kills that are oh the
environmental ones are some of the good
ones like the birdbath water
beautiful beautiful beautiful
so they got that right to the movies oh
yeah the spectacle of the kill yep the
splatterhouse of that yeah absolutely
and it's great so when you play as the
counselor it's a very different game and
you have a ton of options yes to defend
yourself against Jason and more
importantly to get out alive
so as the counselor all you're looking
to do is you're looking to escape
basically there are four ways to defeat
Jason there is escape in a vehicle there
is called the cops and escape on foot
there is kill Jason which is incredibly
difficult and there is last the entire
15 minutes of match which just never
happened never never ever happen here
here's where we get into a lot of the
fun of the game is as a counselor you
are going into cabins and searching
through drawers looking on the ground
looking for all of these pieces so you
can put together the puzzle that is the
car or the boat or the phone box yeah
does it get out on the car you need to
prepare the battery you need to fill it
with gas and someone needs to find the
car keys and start the car and then you
actually have to drive it to the exit
right and while you are scrounging
through these houses Jason is looking
for you
and it's this perfect risk/reward
tension if if you run in the game you
lose stamina and Jason can see you or
can see a noise Q without using a
special power yeah so do you want to run
to that house to quickly search it or do
you want to slowly walk so Jason might
not see you it has a built-in tension to
it you know what the most tense thing in
the game is the most tense thing of the
game is finding either the gas or the
battery in the first house you walk into
because then you're left with a dilemma
it's like jason has traps he can put
down yeah
and working off you step on them the
bear trap goes off your leg you lose
health and Jason here's the bear trap go
off wherever he is yeah
and so you know early in the game
there's no trap by the car yet so if you
sprint over by the car to put that gas
in but if you do that what's the cars
the first place Jason looks because
that's a hot spot of course that dilemma
once you find the gas of the battery
early if I do it now I can get to the
car without traps right no and it's not
the the glorious thing is it's not just
a pure number strategy because Jason is
a real person yep so there is there is a
human dice roll in this that you can
never account for mm-hm
like is it is this Jason the kind of
Jason that will set traps by the car or
is he looking for people and the house
is already he's not an idiot he said
trash by that rock or on it but the
point is you never know where Jason is
going to be because he's another person
making people mistakes doing unexpected
things
Jason why are you in the house at this
point in the game you should be laying
traps by the car why are you killing me
already
okay you know it could be a Jason strat
he's going for an easy kill early on
before you've had a chance to find
proper items or weapons to get away he's
hunting the most dangerous game I love
it I love it rich make sense
suffer like them she is there to died
you should make them suffer also as a
counselor so not only are you looking
for puzzle pieces but you're looking for
ways to defend yourself against Jason
yeah
there are melee items that can stun or
hurt Jason there are ways to distract
him like firecrackers you can throw
firecrackers on the ground and that's
stuns Jason Artyom
yeah distracts them and so there's all
of these moving pieces and you're just
trying basically all you're trying to do
is get on one path okay my my character
is really good repair stat I'm going to
look for things to repair that's what my
character is I'm going to get on that
path all of the characters this is
important having very different steps
yes yeah uh like like Tiffany Tiffany
she's she's quiet and she's fast
she can't repair jack-shit she's weak
she's guns like as a scout to run around
the wood for the parts to bring them
back to the car sure and then she can
drop them by the car and then the slower
nerdier character could come by to
install the parts in the car meanwhile
big bruisers have the high strength with
the bats can protect that first like
there's a strategy with who you choose
absolutely absolutely and and it's it's
amazing because you can be in a group
and I'll know what you're doing and have
your strategy and as soon as Jason shows
up the whole thing goes to shit because
you freaked out coming he's coming in
Chilton I get with you look I've gotta
go watch again to the camp camp makes
all the difference in the world in this
game but just people know what they're
doing and I'm so what group you're with
if you're what the great group you're
probably going to give Jason a very hard
time oh yeah yeah I like oh I see a lot
of people unlike the discussion threads
for the game and whatnot Jason style for
power
he's not he's really not if you're with
a good team team he you are going to get
out of there so easy and J's is just
going to be frustrated while you're
hitting the backs and I cannot stress
this enough you almost almost need a mic
oh no no you need a mic
where's here's where the team workers
for the mic is important though like
somebody could hack without without a
mic can have the fuse in their inventory
no idea where the fuse box is running
around and nobody else knows what's
going on
right somebody has somebody on the other
side of the map that have the fuse and
you could waste ten minutes you know
what the phone box is you know what the
phone is and I'm looking for that fuse I
can't find it
teamwork is incredibly important which
is why I want something like a quick
speak wheel to make communicating with
people easier because not everyone has a
microphone not everyone uses their
microphone and their if you do not
everyone listens to you what's also true
well I'm like some people have really
quiet mics some people don't speak the
same language as you so having something
like a quick communication wheel would
solve a lot of these problems and you
know there are there some nonverbal
communication you know for example when
another player has the battery or the
gas you can clearly see that they have
that and so you can kind of adjust your
strategy but maybe they have a different
idea
you know maybe they get to the car and
they drop it do they want me to repair
it are they just dropping it to look for
other things are we going to repair
later what do you want to do person
other people rich have you ever have you
ever dropped cues by the car just
because you don't know if you're gonna
be around the car by the time to get
fixed maybe you dive with the keys
that's not good right so maybe you drop
the keys by the car you ever seen
another player just walk by and take
them and just go off yeah yeah what are
you doing yeah but they're there by the
car you leave them by the come on
they're looking out for themselves
that's the cutthroat nature of the game
they know you know you're maybe you're
looking on four
everyone else that's why you put the key
to down to the car that other person is
thinking I grab the keys they can't
leave it on me it's so true it's just
like would have what happened in the
movie can't leave without me I gotta I
have a slot in the car all that it's
it's the weights it's some of the most
what it what do you call that like
social engineering moments where where
there is there's three of you there but
you're at the two-seater yeah and you
know somebody's going to get left behind
and no one has the keys yet and so then
it's just like a oh no you guys look
over there I'm staying right here by
this car I think I put that on right
the confidence of these developers you
know like something we talk about a lot
with other games is like gaming in a
tube is other developers really want you
to have an experience yeah and so rather
than let you find the experience
yourself as a player they put you in a
tube this is the experience we are
forcing you to go on exactly this is a
dark quiet tube and when you after you
walk 15 steps a loud noise will happen
and that will scare you then you have to
hit the X button to jump under the thing
in this cutscene but the pure confidence
of these developers to lay the pieces in
place and say you guys find it No you
know and and it's all in these little
moments like there are moments when you
are hiding in the woods and Jason
doesn't see you and walks past you and
then maybe he stops maybe he's going to
teleport away or maybe he'll turn
towards you and look and it is the
freakiest fucking moment yeah hiding in
the house it happens me all the time
it's like you happen to spawn in you're
one of like the major objectives like if
you're if you spawn in next to the house
with the phone you know there's a 75%
chance Jason will be there in about five
seconds absolutely and then so you just
jump under a fucking bed stay as quiet
as you can and and hope he doesn't
decide to stick around too long and look
for someone oh yeah
so you spawn next to the car of the
phone yep
Jason finds you right away and within
the first minute of the game you're dead
one of the problems with the game is you
know eight-eight people get into a
server one of them is Jason if you die
within the first minute you kind of just
have to stick around until the game's
over or you have to completely leave the
server and find another show yep
and that could be ugly you know 20
minutes before the game's over if you
die in the first minute I don't blame
anybody for leaving right after they
after they're killed I don't blame them
but it makes it very hard to keep a good
group together yes and it and you know
like it's just a dice roll sometimes
where you die right away because you
don't have any items and Jason happens
to jump in on you something that I would
love is a little more incentive to stick
around yeah the the there's two
incentives to have right now if one of
the players calls in Tommy Jarvis you
have a chance to respawn and get a
second chance as Tommy Jarvis too if you
stick around for the completed match you
get experience points and that leads to
CP what a CP sampler I don't know shit
you use to buy perch the currency points
are what it leads to CP which is the
what you can use to buy points or extra
kills or stuff in the game and so you
want to stick around to get that
experience to unlock new characters and
new stuff in the game but it can just be
really boring
yes add yourself you know it's 20
minutes really worth 500 XP exactly
which translates to about 50 CPS nothing
so I would love some more incentives
here's my idea how much is my pitch game
developers you get to be a spirit
you get to be a ghost and you don't get
to do a lot but you can you can roam
around the game and you can affect stuff
like maybe you could turn on and off
light now now let's say I know what
you're saying so like let's say you know
where the car keys are you can like help
other players find stuff and then if the
remaining players live you get bonus
experience point we've talked about this
being like a perfect adaptation of the
movies and that does not fit in anywhere
I know you're sorry here's my idea
that's it's it's not perfect but it's a
little something okay let me go into the
menus and like buy and sell perks or or
take a look at my counselors and and
play around with will maybe I want to
try giving this hustler the
thick-skinned perv yeah play around with
that for a few minutes okay that would
be nice
sure that's be pretty good I'd be pretty
good let me go on to the menus of the
game and change things
I mean it's know being a helpful ghost
but you're running it I guess it's a
good idea
here's here's one of the major problems
with this game yeah the playerbase
oh there's a lot of fucking assholes
play this game and they played just a
troll only to troll this is the problem
there's several different types of
asshole okay there's the guy who's
friends with the person who's playing is
Jason video so then you have Jason with
a counselor helping them out who will go
into the cabin you're hiding in and
opened the door for Jason yep or he'll
hit you with a machete as the counselor
yeah that's that's jerk number one jerk
number two is the I found a glitch in
the map guide I'm gonna gouge my self up
on the roof Jason can't get me up here
and then everyone Jason and the players
who are already dead waiting in the
lobby are all going to have to fucking
sit around for 20 minutes because this
jackass just standing there on the roof
of a house or hiding under a bridge cuz
he glitched under the bridge rather than
play the game you did deny Jason points
you get nothing extra for that what a
dickhead what a dickhead people like
jackass and unfortunately this end this
is always true for every game a
multiplayer game is only as good as the
other people you play with
I'm going to take this chat dick bitch
Jason Jason this is my shed dick looking
for this jed dick judge me motherfucker
thank you for that dick aren't you
there's a lot of like like 10 year-olds
play this game for some reason that I
don't care but this 10 year old playing
is Jason like down to the last two
counselors and one of the most Tommy
Jarvis Tommy Jarvis is one of the major
ingredients for killing Jason sure this
is ultra rare way to win and so the kid
playing is Jason's like Jesse the DEP is
like let's put kill Jason not let you
kill me I'll let you kill Jason okay
cool and so you need Tommy Jarvis and
then a female counselor needs to be
wearing Jason sweater and Jason's Shack
seems like computation Shack I'll meet
you there I'll let you kill me oh cool I
know Jason led them to the shack and
then before they can go in to get the
sweatshirt he just killed them both I
love it
we did my share Kyle will you kill me
hack hack hack and that is trolling but
here's why I love it because it's also
like very in theme with horror movies
where you know what you see people do
that in horror movies all the time they
try to make a deal with the killer okay
I'll make you a makes you deal let's
just do this
and I'll walk away and then the killer
goes alright and just kills the minute
all right
right that's such a horror movie thing
so I love it
basically every single patch that I have
seen has included fixing a glitch area
hey we fixed that rock that people are
up that people go on that Jason can get
hey we fix the bridge that people are
under hey we fix the roof and they keep
finding new ones they keep finding new
and unfortunately there are a lot of
glitches in the game like when you you
kill a counselor by punching up did you
lift him up and then you punch him
through the chest yeah and then Jason
rips his fist out and he he lets go to
the corpse and the corpse is still
hanging there and litter or even worse
there are some times where Jason will
kill a counselor and then is unable to
let go of them yeah so he can't kill
anyone else because there's a counselor
dangling in front of him I've seen that
a few I was spectating when that
happened once he had to walk all the way
to the other end of the map to guac into
the water
which reset it and let them go and then
he was able to drown them yeah and you
know one of the problems with all these
bugs any anybuggy game is you're never
quite sure if you're doing something
wrong or if the game is broken
I had a awful embarrassing situation in
which I ended up next to a car and the
car was completely empty
Jason was chasing people who were in the
car I just happen to roll up in it so I
said to myself I'm gonna get in this car
and I'm gonna escape fuck those other
guys yeah I get in the car and usually
when there's an empty car means that
jason has smashed it so you need to
restart the cops yeah so I get in the
car and I hit a to start the car and I
don't see the little starting animation
yeah I just leave the car oh fuck the
game mustn click so I get back in the
car hit a again and I don't see the
starting animation I just get out of the
car again and I think to myself this is
an awful bug that has happened yeah game
so I just believed but because there are
so many bugs there are so many bugs so I
leave the car and I end up getting
killed by Jason and as soon as I'm
killed my my
are flooded with all the other players
yelling at me because the car was
already started I didn't need to start
it I just needed to drive away in it but
I had assumed it was a bug because the
game so buggy yeah little embarrassing
for me but but the fact that you would
you just expected it to be a bug because
it's so common here's you know my first
experience with the game was my very
very first thing that happened when I
turned this game on what I start a match
yeah I'm playing as one of the
counselors and playing this chat
ok I'm out the woods and I'm walking up
and walking up this little hill out in
the woods yeah and then I get to the top
of the hill and I keep going up actually
I was actually slowly walking up a
non-existent hill I was eventually
floating like fifty feet above the
ground and Jason's running around under
me he can't do anything and that's that
was my first experience with the game
Jack yep
it's a buggy buggy game and then there's
the constant crushing constant in a
lengthy session the game will freeze on
me on average four times completely
freezing you have to restart you know
control all the lead to get out of the
game that happens servers suddenly just
kicking everyone you're in them you're
in the middle of a great match fucking
great match and then just oh it's frozen
I'm not in a great match in you mark or
server just kicked Jason so you win I
guess yeah it's got some problems that
need addressing this game it feels
unfinished yeah it this game feels like
it needed about six more months at least
at least six more months thick old bugs
yeah give us some more fucking maps and
there are only three Maps
yeah and I know them so well at this
point I don't I don't need I don't even
worry about finding a map in a drawer
and I pretty much always know about
where I am not just more Maps it needs
more stuff like we need more options for
escape because after you've played the
game 10-15 hours as a counselor you you
know your paths so well that like the
joy of discovery is gone
we're okay I know I'm going to do this
and I'm gonna do this I know I'm going
to do this you know you know where the
objectives tend to spawn to you don't
have to worry about that so much yeah
yeah and so like we just need more
things and we need a better player but
it's a bit like basically what we need
is we need a bigger team of developers
to fix all the bugs yeah and another
team of developers to add more content
into the game and to get a better player
base it actually they should reduce the
price and along with reducing the price
they should release it on more systems
so we can get a bigger player base it's
a bit like they need to do more in
charge life ended basically how about
how about that single-player campaign
that they delayed the game for that is
nowhere to be seen I would probably get
you some more sales I'm kind of doubtful
we're ever going to see it - which is a
shame it would be great to be able to
practice is Jason yeah maybe that
wouldn't stop some of these people who
rage quit literally ten seconds into the
match because they didn't get to be
Jason that happens every match so every
match starts with this little cutscene
and in the cutscene we got our friend no
one knows who Jason is yet and in our
cutscene we get a glimpse of Jason and
because every player gets to choose what
Jason they would want to be in the
cutscene sometimes you know whether
you're going to be Jason or not and
without a doubt all the time as soon as
that Jason is revealed you get a little
notification some asshole left the game
yeah at least one yeah at least because
it rhymes more because they wanted to be
Jason there Jason players I saw wanted
to form once yeah yeah I'm a Jason
player you fucking scumbag that's not
how it worked that's not what I wasn't
designed to work and to be frank you are
also then missing 60% of what makes the
game so special like playing as a
counselor going through those strategies
is what really sets the game apart like
all the things you can do as a counselor
is what makes the game so special yep
admittedly it's way more fun to play as
Jason Jason just boring it for a while
sure I would argue that the whole game
gets boring after a while but it's still
really fun to murder people this this
game has held my attention for a
shockingly long time longer than it
should have I'm still playing this game
yeah and I've been playing it more than
you have you haven't yeah I'm at about
40 I'm at about 40 hours I'm over 100
here's here's my thing with the game it
hasn't gotten boring I'm still enjoying
it I still love it because it has those
moments that pop up that are much like
the react like it has those scary
shocking moments
what it has become is formulaic for me I
know what's going to happen yeah and you
know when a bad game is about to happen
you know when it's set up we're like
okay I'm not going to win and here's why
I know I'm not going to win and you just
well the force you respond right next to
the fuse box Jason only has this one
area that he really needs to worry about
you know that's going to be a boring
clusterfuck yep I still think it's a
very good game
give me another map give me another two
more masks three two or three fuck I'll
just give me give me the same three maps
but another route of escaping ooh add in
another strategic element and I'm back
in give me a give me a Jason X DLC with
some spaceship maps now we're talking
now we're talking rich
no overall just it's just such a good
game I mean one of the mechanics in the
game is occasionally your character will
trip well fear fear we didn't talk about
fear this is the thing like they've
incorporated fear as a quantifiable
state that affects your gameplay like
strategically it is to Jason's benefit
to just go to an isolated area of the
map there might not even be any consoles
around just so you can destroy the
generator so the lights go out so people
get more afraid
so there's stannum ugh goes down quicker
recharges slower and they show up easier
and you're in your vision yep making
making them more afraid means that
they're easier to kill and as a
counselor if you if you become so afraid
you actually lose the ability to use
your items you lose the ability to see
your map you tripped
more often and you know like Jason is
not as fast as the counselors but the
counselors lose stamina and they can
trip which is just like that's a classic
yeah slasher movie yeah trope but like
they found a way to turn that into a
viable gameplay mechanic
Jack Reggie you recommend Friday the
13th the game even with all of the
problems we talked about the bug the bad
player base the lack of variety I 100%
recommend Friday the 13th the game Jack
if you weren't somebody who could
justify it as a business expense would
you recommend Friday the 13th the game
for $40
yes yeah I I believe that you will get
at least twenty to forty hours of good
times if they add to that with bonus
contents if they can fix some stuff it's
double worth it but like $40 you know
generally speaking a triple-a game is
$60 yeah and you're looking to get
twenty to forty hours of game play
usually right that's the standard yeah
you will get that and more I can see
this being hard to recommend to somebody
on the fence because it's $40 and you
only get three Maps and there is not a
single player component eigen and and
there's so many bugs and there's so many
crashes I can understand why you
wouldn't want to buy this game yet for
some reason I still recommend it I'm not
a Whore person I'm not a multiplayer
person it is fucking riddled with bugs
yep but when you do find a good match
and a good group it's really fun it
needs to be fixed of course it needs to
be fucking fixed to end patched and it
needs a little bit more content yeah but
it's fun what we do add is fun it just
doesn't feel finished it's it's that
it's it's that thing
where
even if you lose and it's a good law
right like you do your best to to get
away from Jason and you're right near
the exit but Jason uses his power and he
gets me and he does the kidding ah good
game Jason yeah you got me the the peaks
of this game you know like if there will
be peaks there will be shit groups that
you're in and you're not having a good
time
fuck there'll be good groups no there
are times when I've won but I didn't
really feel like I've done anything like
you're walking around you haven't found
anything useful and then the car just
happens to drive by you and they're like
get in exactly
and then I win and I didn't do anything
and I didn't contribute and it's got a
fuck and like even that's a bad
experience but the highs of this game
are so high that it brings everything up
it was all worth it oh god it's so
fucking worth it but I understand why
you would be reluctant and there are
issues of course there are issues here's
one of the big issues and here's what I
want to end the episode on ok rich I
want you and I to have a sit-down
conversation with the game developer
about we binding key it's a fucking
crazy game why can't you repine fucking
keys that's the reason you fucking play
PC games do you watch until then why I
don't fucking play with WASD the fucking
key boards all over the fucking place
like I usually rebind everything to this
little separate number pad I've got I
can't do that when I'm fucking making a
fucking seperate autohotkey script for
this game it's bullshit you know that
nice mouse that you have with all the
little buttons that are easy to press on
your mouse can't remind them fuck can't
remind them hey do you use a controller
but want to use push-to-talk too bad you
can you there is no push-to-talk option
on a controller rich the other issues
this
