Strafe
June 6, 2017
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-strafe/

we're rolling strafe is a game and I
don't necessarily have a good way to
start the episode so Jack rich how you
doing you know start things off yeah I'm
just you know because it's always a
point of conversation what is your shirt
say today it's the science is real it's
a they might be giants shirt benefiting
the the March for science just like your
ace they might be giants shirt it's my
third the love love they might be giant
I think it's time to switch it up jack
it's time to switch it up they're gonna
love that they love battery Mike good
time to switch it up okay no more that
well this is my last one does your last
one this is my last day my so unless I
purchase another they might be giants
here I won't be wearing any more
you could you could try you know wearing
one of the very cool nerd true shirts
now on sale at the red letter media
store very cool very cool very cool very
cool so today we are talking about
strafe and strafe is a first-person
shooter roguelike strafe is the is the
hips first-person shooter of 1996 the
most awesome graphics 1996 can handle
I think I think we first found straight
it was uh probably the best
advertisement in the world absolutely
where they got the kid playing the
strafe and he can't handle it and he
collapses the little brother takes over
and his head explodes yes from all of
the awesome action and we found out
later we actually got a chance to have a
conversation with the developer of the
game we did a little interview with him
on live on stream one day while I was
playing strafe and we found out that we
found out that he is a video producer
that is his job and so that's why the
advertisement looks so good he's a big
fan of these old school commercials and
it looks great this might be a case
where the advertising is better than the
game well it's the expectation that the
advertisement set up I think is the
problem jack the you know obviously the
ad fast-paced oh my god awesome action
and while it's a great commercial it
invokes your old in software kind of
style fast pace run-and-gun shooter yeah
and then when you start playing strafe
not you don't you want to slow down a
bit
it's over - it's a roguelike yeah and
that means permadeath and so you don't
want to run around willy-nilly and and
take this big risk that you'll lose a
lot of Health you wanna you wanna you
know hang back turn are the enemies go
back to the corner and quarter into the
doorway and once they come to the door
you mow them down as they go through the
door yeah that's that in practice that
that is how you play straight well at
least the first part yeah you had you
have these two very disparate play
styles the for the first person shooter
aspect wants you to to beat a big strong
badass yeah run into a room take them
all down
bunny hop your way around the room
but the roguelike gameplay wants you to
slow down be tactical be precise and
there's there's a budding of heads of
gameplay styles with this first-person
shooter meets roguelike
the first-person-shooter aspects so
pretty alright you got your guns you can
choose either a shotgun a machine gun or
a rail gun which is kind of like a
sniper rifle that's that's only as your
main weapon you get to pick one of three
but in the levels you do find like
temporary weapons you can't you can't
reload them but you might run across a
shotgun that's got ten shells in it and
actually as you go on later in the
levels you get some really fun guns and
they'll feel alright nothing spectacular
nothing bad to say about like
you
a lot of neat guns basically there's
none of the other all meant to be
temporary though because you got you got
your one main gun this is a machine gun
you pick at the beginning or the rail
gun or the shotgun and that's the gun
you continually upgrade right and you
can find machines that like like they
turn your normal machine gun into like a
tri shotgun or you can find a powerup
that turns your machine gun into a
Gatling gun that slowly builds up
momentum so you're shooting a thousand
bullets a second right right but we also
have a secondary fire you can upgrade
that that's right that's right and
that's part of the roguelike elements is
every run it's a dice roll what powerup
you'll get
this isn't what despite what the
advertisement may look like this isn't
just a throwback old-school shooter this
is a throwback old-school shooter as
merged with a roguelike right which
means like difficulty and perma death
and on one hand I was I was I was
excited to play this hmm because you
know if it worked you would have an
infinite old-school shooter an
old-school shooter that is different
slightly different every time you plant
that sounds like heaven yeah in reality
I don't I don't know that it works and I
don't know here's the question does it
not work because these things don't mix
or does it not work because this game
doesn't really do the rogue elements
right full disclosure we as previously
recorded back strength in fact even
though I asked them to put previously
recorded in somewhere in the game my
name is in the game they just used my
name
even though fuck man I specifically
asked them to put previously recorded in
this
but I was also very excited for this
game you know I'm a fan of first-person
shooters but I'm a more of a fan of
roguelike I play a shit ton of
roguelikes I don't want to say that
spray failed but I believe that the
failing of strength is in its roguelike
Ella
yeah yeah one of the most important
things about a roguelike is the variety
the variety in weapons the variety of
enemies there were the variety of room
layouts you it needs to feel like a
unique experience i I really think that
as the stages went by and as they were
developing the game they kind of forgot
about the room randomization I've beaten
the game and I've been to the later
stages several times and they all felt
like they were the same
you know what to expect you're never
going to be surprised after your first
playthrough of the game yep and that's a
big failing as far as a roguelike is
concerned because in a roguelike you
should be playing over and over and over
again because of the unique experiences
and they fell more on the old school FPS
side for strafe where this really just
should have been an old school at the
athlete I'm I'm not I'm not convinced
that a FPS roguelike can't work really
well I just I just don't know that
strafe gets there with the roguelike
elements like one of the one of the keys
is something like Binding of Isaac is
though the different items you get that
change the way your character functions
completely all of the items in strength
kind of kind of blah
there is no item you get in strafe that
will drastically change how you play
strength yeah and that's a big failing
in strafe you can get a thing that makes
a double jump you can get a thing that
that sucks in the scrap that's near you
in India and that just that's
underwhelming it's underwhelming it's
underwhelming I think is an
understatement
you also you also get like little little
upgrades to like you know your clip size
there your your damage you know I think
they're just so incremental though you
don't you don't feel the build-up right
I got I got like two-thirds the way
through the game and I'm like I am a lot
stronger than I was at first wasn't I
like I didn't even realize leveling up
those have I didn't get that satisfying
ah right and you know part of me is okay
with that
yeah because that that kind of is the
natural difficult as you move through
you get better
after I beat the game
there was nothing compelling me to play
it again another tenement of a really
good roguelike is layers of mystery kind
of unofficial side quest things that you
can achieve in a game that maybe even
don't necessarily make you win the game
it's just a fun little aside like Isaac
with its secret last levels or you get
the end boss next time to go through
well that's not really the end boss is
just another stage after that no you
have to do a and then a leads to B and
then if you can do B just right you get
to C and D and then you get to super
secret awesome ending and strength does
some things like that
the problem is strife doesn't way too
obtuse I would have had no idea some of
the stuff was in strength yeah some of
it might be the inherent flaws of the
first-person presentation of it like for
example playing loose consigns a little
arcade game yeah reminiscent of
Wolfenstein you need in order to do that
you need to shoot the dead body in level
1 1 and you get a coin and then once you
get that coin then in level 1 2 you can
play Lucan Stein arcade game but I'll be
honest with you I never even noticed I
picked up a coin I would always shoot
the body and I knew I got something but
I never knew what I got I noticed the
coin and I picked it up every time I
would have had no idea that was
connected to Lou finished I like they
really they really needed to have like a
little animation where you see the coin
going oh my god so that goes ah in in
Icarus there are secret gun rooms and in
order to get them you have to throw a
barrel at just the right part of a wall
and in other games usually they give you
a little clue you have to know what
you're looking for but if you can look
for that's right you can make a good
guess and where the secrets are
apparently and I've read this online
apparently if you enter a room sometimes
you will see a bug and if you follow
that bug the bug will crawl under a wall
where the secret door is and then you
throw a barrel at that wall and open up
to the secret room I have 40 plus hours
into strength I have never seen a bug I
would never think to throw a barrel at a
wall to get a secret no shooter I've
ever known has done that right and you
shoot the wall or you you do the use
button on the wall that's how you open a
secret area and a shooter well and you
know what I will except for a barrel
yeah I will except for a barrel at a
wall here's the bullshit part is one I
never saw a bug and I went looking for
bugs I never saw one - apparently
according to the internet there is a
timer so I found this super secret way
to to find the secret room which is you
mute all audio but the game doesn't mute
the audio from the secret room so you
mute all audio walk around every single
wall and you can hear where the secret
room is
so then I threw the barrel at the wall
where the finger room was it didn't open
what the fuck I found the secret room
because apparently after the bug crawls
under the wall a an invisible timer
starts and if you don't throw the barrel
at the wall within the given time it
won't ever open see that's that's the
designers not wanting you to play safe
but you as the player knowing that's the
smart way to play yes and it's bullshit
what it does from a roguelike
perspective from a player who wants to
play roguelike it D incentivizes me
looking for secrets I want to look for
secrets on my own time
it was they want you to look for secrets
from their time yeah fuck that I felt
actually really good about beating the
game like oh I did it was real difficult
I did it had an adorable little ending
and then I just didn't care to play
anymore I didn't I I wasn't invested in
any of the secrets I wasn't invested in
speedrunning or finding all the little
layers and I think all of that is
because of the weak roguelike elements i
I think I will agree I don't I don't
think it's terrible yeah III think
stripes a a neat little diversion it's
not going to hold my attention for very
long but you know what it's good for a
quick 20 minute John into a sure every
now and then yeah I think to some degree
it's a victim of its own advertising who
super hot action awesome up and then a
little bit slower paced getting a
roguelike you know the victim of that
he's too good of a video producer yeah
and your your ID the robe the robe like
elements are a little bit too weak you
need that variety you need you need
items that you're excited to get that
item yep
just changes the way this runs gonna go
on I'm having a good run because I got
this item and at that item these two
items wild I can do amazing things with
those yeah I'm gonna I'm going to call
this an official steam sale game yeah
yeah I'm sure eventually it's going to
hit a Steam sale where you can get it
for like ten bucks
totally worth it totally worth it you
know really cute pretty clever
just won't hold your attention for very
long yeah yeah there's just too many
good things out right now hahaha really
in this room says I mean we're golden
age Ritz we're in a golden age of games
you know you know vanquish just came out
on Steam huh huh nobody
it worked people it worked
hash tag bring vanquish to PC it worked
yeah so by the way you're welcome
