God of War (2018)
May 9, 2018
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-god-of-war-2018/

hi rich Jack how you doing good good
we're talking about god of war on the
Sony so god of war is the story of old
man Kratos who has a new family except
for much like his old family his wife
died this time presumably not at his
hands but the the entire story is Kratos
and his son have to take the ashes of
the dead wife / mother to the tallest
mountain in all the realms and Kratos
has killed all of the Greek gods so now
we're gonna rampage all over Norse
mythology by the way I just need to say
right off the bat what a great concept
this is a this is like mythology
fanfiction is what if these two gods
fought each other who would win right
also kind of a nice like what if the
gods were real but this is why they
don't exist anymore because this guy ran
around killing them all one God just
kill them all it's a fun concept
Thunder that's right I never thought you
listening mother spoke of the gods I
seldom did did she speak of one who
could feel no pain oh that sounds like
Boulder Boulder na sure God son of Odin
and Frigg and Odin is king that's right
I said here's here's here's here's me
coming into this into this game
alright here's I'm gonna just disclosure
on my history with the God of War series
yeah I I started playing the first one
and I I don't even think I got halfway
into it before I just kind of gave up
sure I hated the QuickTime events and as
I was a fan of Ninja Gaiden at the time
and I'm still a fan a Ninja Gaiden God
of War the original just felt so mashie
in comparison
you just hit X and occasionally like the
triangle on these just played you're
just going all over where it it didn't
it didn't felt like I was really doing
moves like it didn't felt like I was
deliberately doing things just felt like
I was hitting the button and then these
blades would just go everywhere and kill
everything yeah it was a bit of a
spectacle fighter I the only god of war
game I played is the first one but I
played it all the way through and
enjoyed it to me I'm a big fan of stuff
like the dynasty Warriors series and so
that kind of dumb mowed down all the
enemies iams the super-powerful guy that
kills all the other guys I liked that
about the original god of war though I
agree the QuickTime events were a little
much and the boss fights in the original
God of War which were basically
elongated QuickTime events didn't quite
land right but you know most of all I
felt the combat in the first one was
fine but I here here we are today here a
new God of War and the trailers came out
and it looked like a naughty dog game
and look look like we're doing a lot of
walking around we're doing a lot of
talking or a lot of there are a lot of
questions kind of look like god of last
of us yeah like this is the combat gonna
be gone this is just gonna be god of
last of us
and it's a fun action game I was
pleasantly surprised I was expecting
just talking nonstop and here's a token
action sequence to counter that a little
bit there is a lot of talking sequences
and there's a lot of breaks in the
gameplay but when you do get into that
combat it is heavy and satisfying since
this thing I I hate The Last of Us I I
despise The Last of Us
I know that about I despise what little
I played of uncharted 4 I just for I
despise the order 1886 yes i every
cinematic game cuz that's that's where
single players have been going in the
recent years single-player games been
doing the cinematic shit yeah yeah and I
fucking can't stand it because they
prioritize there's got to be like it's
like a movie and here's the scene but
they have the emotional moment and they
prioritize that over gameplay yes it's
like we're gonna do this thing and they
talk and he he gets his heart broken but
in the third act what about what about
the action and a third-person shooter
and if the gameplay is such a fucking
second thought and I was so pleasantly
surprised coming into god of war there
is a fucking solid combat system in this
game absolutely
it feels unlike the old god of war games
it feels just deliberate I feel like
every move I'm doing in this game it's
not a pressing X and hoping for the best
it's like that's a thought as put into
it I'm gonna throw my accent that guy
over there I'm gonna freeze him then I'm
gonna charge him do the shoulder ram
then I'm gonna throw my axe with the
other guy there but after I throw the
axe with other guy I'm gonna use my cuz
I got my bare fist now I'm gonna punch
this guy in the face right well and
there there is like different incentive
systems within the combat you know you
have your axe which is by the way an
awesome weapon but if you hit people
with your bare fists it does less damage
but it builds up your your kill them
instantly immediately they have they
have a stun enemies have like a little
stunned bar it
their health bar yeah and if you hit
them with the axe that doesn't do much
for the stun but it takes down their
actual health mm-hmm
usually 99.9% of all cases in the game
that health bar does not grow back No
however you can you can use them your
bare fists and punch them in the face
that builds up the stun meter mm-hmm
but that stun meter that goes away so
it's like the risk versus reward it's
like do you use the axe just get the
permanent health down or do you take
that risk you punch them in the face for
a few times build the the stun all the
way up and then you can do like that the
glory kill right well they do a really
decent job of mixing up the enemies cuz
you know you're very rarely just
fighting one enemy it's usually a horde
of enemies and some enemies it's easier
to take them down with a stun kill with
a glory kill and other enemies it's
easier just to use your weapon and so
like it it turns into this really great
axe this guy throw my axe to stun that
guy take my fists out on this guy rip
them apart
oh wait gotta use the shield down yeah
oh and that that uh reposts shield
reposting is great there's a there's a
nice balance to what you have to do and
it all feels weighty I I think that's
just because it feels deliberate it's
it's purposeful act swings rather than
like you do get the blades of chaos in
this game spoiler alert euler and they
feel very mashing it's less satisfying
this is the blades of chaos yeah they
just swing all over the place and they
just hit everything around you and it's
it's so much less satisfying than the
axe though with the blades of chaos you
do get to throw a blade and get over
here an enemy which is kind of it's a
satisfying combat system they didn't
they had they had their story telling
them we want to we want to do the
cinematic experience okay fine but you
got to deliver you have to deliver on
gameplay the gameplay half of the
equation has to be important and it is I
I can totally agree that combat in God
of War is awesome is super awesome and
satisfying and beyond just basic
it has a whole leveling system you get
to upgrade your moves your armor learn
new moves choose from us from two
different super moves for both of your
weapons and your fists and four rage
mode which is a whole other thing which
is a kind of an oh shit I'm really low
on health the button yeah and then you
go into Spartan rage it has a really
vast customization process no and you
know you get to kind of fine-tune your
combat there's long-range attacks
there's short attacks there's stun
attacks and you kind of get to figure
out what combat style you like the best
it's all pretty awesome dude and on top
of that there is a complete another
leveling system for at Reyes your son
who is with you on this journey who is
kind of a your buddy in combat he's got
his little bow and arrow you can target
specific enemies from the shooters arrow
at or he just kind of run around a
little ass-kicker he does his own thing
his arrows are good to purposefully use
them yeah you can get some some nice
kills from a distance or you can stun
some enemies before they could do a big
attack if you hit him at the right time
with the bow works well you know that
you can upgrade you know the damage that
he does - he does this thing where he
kind of like jumps on an enemies back
and you know chokes him a little bit and
then if you upgrade a certain thing you
do more damage while he's choking an
enemy out it it actually feels like his
combat AI it feels very intuitive to
what you're doing or maybe it's just
you're paying attention to him what also
feels like this inexperienced kid gets
better as the game goes on is it is it
just me or does it seem like by the end
of the game he's doing more shit on his
own than he did at the beginning
I mean mate you do unlock more things as
the story goes but I mean just choosing
to do them on his own it seems like by
the end of the game he was he was doing
more of the jumping on people's backs
than he did in the early game maybe
maybe maybe that's something they did or
maybe that's just me not noticing I
don't know but it could be a thing sure
sure I I can't say for sure I can't say
for sure all I can say is when you do
your super-dee moves often times at
Reyes will jump off of your back and in
slow motion shoot arrows at bad guy it
turns into this like perfect action
sequence it's all great and you know
coming in coming into this game I was a
little worried about at Reyes I had
heard some murmurings about at Reyes you
know this was going to be a game long
escort mission or he's very annoying or
he's overpowered in combat and so did
Kratos isn't even doing anything all
that is wrong he is he can't die it's
not an escort mission he's just there as
a helper he he actually I enjoyed the
audio cues when an enemy is about to
attack there's arrows yeah telling you
what direction they're coming from and
different colored arrows are different
enemy intents you know if they're really
close to attacking to red arrow do
yellow arrows take this long-range
attack right but a lot of times that
gets lost in the visual noise of the
game and so at Reyes also calls out when
enemies are about to attack and I found
that to be very helpful okay and I liked
it so here's the thing all the combat I
thought was really good yeah and I enjoy
it a lot but it does have some problems
it's speaking purely of the combat the
first problem that I think everyone will
notice is there is a lack of enemy
variety I'll agree with you on that you
fight you know dudes with the orange
insides and then later they're color
swap so the dudes with the blue insides
like fake enemy variety it's like the
fire version and then there's the
iceberg yeah even the different classes
of enemies don't necessarily visually
look that different
like we there's some variation you know
there's the cool like Miss
which one but you know there's like
small dude medium dude big dude and they
don't really look that different from a
distance well the the design is very
uninspiring yeah design-wise just enemy
design wise they could learn some things
from from soft what fucking they can
learn something from their background
artists I was more interested in looking
at the beasts in the background then I
was anything I was fighting yes it was
still fun to fight them still fun to
fight them still fun to fight them but
that led to a little bit of repetition
then for me and this is where we're
gonna start into the four meter okay
because this is where you and not yours
and eyes paths diverged rich for me
there was too much in between each
combat now is there is there too much in
between combat or is there just you
dicking around too much in between
combat there's a lot of optional shit in
this game like you see a lot of those
chests that have the three rooms and
it's like a puzzle you gotta find the
rooms to destroy them see you can open
the chests and you might end up dicking
around with that for ten minutes yeah
you think all those are really long
spans of time in between content you
know combat yeah but really you were
fucking around with this chest for ten
minutes when you didn't have to here's
here's my issue with that okay after you
finish the story of the game you can
keep playing and do whatever you want in
the game you know do all the side quests
find all the treasures do all the things
that was something that I was unaware of
okay and so I do think I would have
spent less time trying to find every
single treasure and you know why would
you think the game wouldn't let you go
back and dick around after the fact
that's pretty standard that's pretty
normal in an open-world game I guess I
had
underestimated the open world eNOS of
the game and so I was expecting you know
I was expecting something so much more
linear that when it's done it's done and
who knows if I'd be able to go back so I
I hear what you're saying was the time
in between combat inflated by me dicking
around maybe okay but there was still
time in between combat some of the
puzzle solving elements were clever with
the axe and some of them were clever
what you see the symbol and you know you
have to freeze a thing and then you see
the board with all the marks on it so
you throw your accent it was the same
puzzle over and over again and then the
other half of the puzzle wasn't even
puzzles it was just you have to find the
next button problem was that much of
that I really don't felt like there was
a lot and I know you know me I don't
like generally care about the story
anyway so that could just be my own
personal bias but hey that's what the
shows yes yeah I felt like it was too
much and I I just wanted I just wanted
to fight people
I just wanted to fight people do you not
think and I I'm not saying I'm
absolutely right or wrong I'm just just
I'm throwing this out there throw it out
is it possible Jack is it possible that
if if we're just wall-to-wall non-stop
combat it might have felt old after a
while yes it would have worn on you it
would have but I feel like they could
have balanced that a little bit better
because you see you'd like a little bit
more combat relative to everything else
relative to anything else and you know
like they had they had some some of the
side quests you know were like treasure
hunts were you know specific things to
find things on the island the they had
you know combat beside course the
Valkyrie side quest man
the best boss fights in the game when
this game is good boss fights that
valkyrie fight is above and beyond like
that was an amazing I only did one of
them but that one valkyrie fight i had
was amazing like we didn't we didn't
talk about this earlier so i'm gonna
rectify that now yeah
this game has pretty fucking awesome
boss fights it does the valkyrie fight
sticks out to me as top tier boss fights
the boulder fights fun oh I had big
problems with ball fight what's your big
problem with the ball to fight it was it
was inconsequential your actions were
inconsequential in the ball to fight
how are your actions inconsequential
well so you know you punch in bald or
you do it you do the things if you run
out of health all of a sudden out of
nowhere you get the Spartan rage
so can try again
in any case scripted shit was getting in
the way of what could have been a brawl
like the Valkyrie fight was just a brawl
yeah that was great they kept on
breaking up my game to have scripted
events and story bullshit happen in the
Balder fight right see I just saw this
three different brawls with a little
scripted intermission in between every
section of the brawl that's how I viewed
that
let's finish and it was a fun fight
wasn't like that the big dragon thing
had some fun moments but also some some
scenic moments and it just didn't feel
it didn't feel like I was doing it it
felt like I was progressing to the next
button problem the dragon fight maybe
but what about like the fight against
the head Dark Elf
when he occasionally turns the lights
off in the room oh yeah what's fun fight
that was kind of man well Chris fun
fight when you fight against Thor's kids
that's a fun fight that's a fun fight
there are good boss fights in this game
there's ok boss fights in this game
there's they're good I think they're
good
valkyrie fight the Balder fight the the
door sons fight yeah and the sort of the
Thor's sons fights who knows what their
names are cuz who cares your arms you're
inhuman stroll
I think I think this the the title of
this game should be god of war for
kratos dunks on the JV squad what we get
we get none of the big names from Norse
mythology we got Thor's brother we got
these two kids you know father's ball
there's a pretty big thing
Boulder's a pretty big name in Norse
mythology Jack their be bigger next
one's gonna be Thor and you're gonna
meet Odin what are those I've never seen
them like that's gotta be your family no
nor will it ever be son my brother and
me created me on there for the big idiot
I know from quality and then damn
special there's this powerup that you
get later where you can have electric
arrows explode red-vining things yes and
then there are certain puzzles where you
kratos has to like take a ball of red
stuff and throw it on a thing so your
son can shoot it yeah thing right that
leads to a like a big troll boss fight
but the little area where you can pick
up the red things he's still right there
and I I was thinking to myself oh what a
fun what a what a fun alternates of this
fight where I'm gonna just explode them
with these red things cuz they're here
haha game this will be oh I can't pick
it up I can't pick it up I can't pick it
up a mild letdown not a game killer but
a mild letdown yes I feel like the game
was full of little stuff like that like
it was filled with the lack of choice
like do you remember after the the
Thor's sons fight yeah yeah at Reyes
starts coughing and there's the story
thing that says like how he was sick as
a child and he's he's a sickly kid and
he starts coughing and you can tell he's
really sick yeah and the head because
you have a dismembered head on your belt
says that hey maybe we should take the
kid to see the winch
yeah but coughing the blood the boys
sick he needs to know steady
I was thinking to myself as a parent I
would like to put the well-being of my
child above our missions so you know
what I did I rode my ass to the witch's
house and you thought something would
happen
I thought the witch would would cure my
kid so I wrote my ass to the witch's
house and I knocked on the door and she
says you can't come in did not leave her
in the best of moods did you frankly I'm
surprised you want to come back here a
coffin the blood the boy sick he needs
flair no did not leave her in the best
of moods did you frankly I'm surprised
you want to come back here the boys sick
he needs Flair frankly I'm surprised you
want to come back here so then I have to
roll all my ass all the way back to the
to the room and then immediately when I
get to my room my kid passes out and I
got to row my ass all the way back to
the witch because now the story says
it's okay to cure my son yeah but I
think this is on you the story this
their storytelling but they want the
cinematic route yeah like I said I think
it's fine because the gameplay works but
it was obvious they weren't going for a
open-ended player agency thing why don't
you even try to do this the head gave me
the suggestion of going to the witch
they said it's a game jack you went to
Taco Bell and you ordered a cheeseburger
because Taco Bell says we have
cheeseburgers cheeseburgers on they have
never had cheeseburgers the head said I
should go see the witch they said in
game I should go see the witch and then
the kid said no I thought that that was
a clear choice moment fine find me a
cinematic game that gives you choice
moments I was thinking what a neat thing
rich what a neat day oh I get to make a
parental decision the mission over my
kid this is a game about bonding with
your kid and it's fucked me
I just I just asked for a taco that was
fine the taco elements of the game were
very enjoyable the crunchy of meetings
fine taco I got the cheesy gordita
crunch what do we do
yes first you need to cut off my head
wait what I know that they want to tell
a very specific story and so why not why
not integrate some of these storytelling
ideas into gameplay elements why why I
mean why do they have to I why does what
like what do you want what do you talk
like what do you want to do what are you
looking for so for example there there
you know this whole the whole game is
about your relationship to your strange
son uh-huh but there's nothing that you
can do to better or worse in your
relationship with your son okay so like
for a for example what if and this is
some of them just pulling out of my ass
button you know spitballing here
what if there was kind of branching
paths with your son and one could make
him more effective on the battleground
but would you know maybe make him a bit
of a dickhead
and the other might make him less
effective on the battleground but could
open up some story paths because you
know you're bonding you're you're
filling in your relationship with you
sound like fucking games have a mechanic
where you can pet your horse and it
becomes more attached to you there's no
hug your child's button
get in the boat boy
what if another suggestion there was
some sort of listen to at Reyes but no
okay
and you know cuz like alrighty he kind
of points you in the right direction but
what if you were having trouble with a
particular puzzle and there was a way
you could like talk with the Tres cuz
that's his thing he reads and he's the
smart kid and that would increase your
bond or you want a bond meter like what
a Shanda meter or or like like what I
kept thinking of what I kept thinking of
is is something that you do in like the
Pokemon games with your weak pokemons
is you let them jump into a battle for a
little bit and then pull them back out
and you you take care of an enemy with a
with a stronger Pokemon and maybe you
could have something similar to at Reyes
where instead of like right now to level
up at Reyes yeah you do all the work he
doesn't have he doesn't do anything to
level up you give him stuff that
specifically might have been detrimental
to combat though you're having fun then
oh wait no I got a level up at Reyes
well that might have just been annoying
it might but it might have been
something to think about like you're
thinking about your son
and so and so maybe like you have an
enemy on the ropes and instead of you
finishing off you press the arrow button
and at Reyes can finish him off and that
would help level him up but but Jack I
want to put my axe in that enemies face
it's no fun if at Reyes doesn't I want
to put my axe in that enemies face then
just really mash it in there and then
drag it drag it down a bit yeah so the
axe like hooks into the torso and then
while my foots on his chest
you rip the whole thing out and if a
trace does that it's no fun right it's
almost like you have to make a choice
between your needs and the needs of your
child
so you're saying arty-farty for the
bullshit for the sake of arty-farty
bullshit we need to make the game less
fun but all I'm doing is spitballing
here's the following suggestions
fine no we do it together
does every does it just because it can
be arty-farty bullshit Jack does that
mean it has to be all ready for any
bullshit
is there anything is there anything
wrong with just them telling this linear
story and that's a backdrop for their
action game where you beat the shit out
of giant ogre's there is nothing wrong
with it okay but if you if you are gonna
have this story which is trying very
hard to be arty-farty
then you have to either compensate for
your pacing issues or integrate some
story elements into your gameplay this
is not a 20 hour story know well
here-here's here's how here's another
way I feel like this could be fixed
compress all these story elements into
five eight hours you get to the top of
the mountain in eight hours
and then the rest of the game is free
world open explore with your son do all
the combat shit you want to do that
entire 20 our bloated mess make it a
tight nice story and then the player
gets to do whatever the fuck they want
for 4050 hours I would have loved that
okay III will agree that for an action
game yeah it is a long side story why is
everything wise not just story but even
gameplay wise maybe a little bit long
for an action game I know that's an odd
thing to say it's like why is it more
better it just seems to be an action
game like I think ten hours is a fine
length for an action game you're getting
you get out you get into get out and
then if you want to keep playing if you
want to you know do all the side
missions you can do the game leaves it
open for you to keep going after the
story is completed and I really like
that if they just shrunk that story down
okay you know what I can do with you on
that I and I feel like I feel like
there's there's a lot of portions in the
game where you can really feel that
bloat there's there's a lot of reach
reading old
areas and so you could I feel like they
were trying to get to that 20 hour mark
just because gamers say it has to be 20
hours or it doesn't count you know some
of my some of my favorite gaming
experience have actually only been about
like five or six Oh honestly oh yeah
no and I feel like that this is a story
that could have been told in a short
amount of time you have all your
emotional moments you have your ups and
downs compress it all then hey you and
your son you fixed your relationship now
go fuck everything up yeah that'll be
great I'll agree with you that it could
have been shorter yes though though it
would probably also help if you had that
greater enemy variety that might have
justified the length a little bit or
probs for me is like the combat starts
to feel a little bit repetitive towards
the end a little bit just cuz you fight
the same shit
exactly well but then you're it's also
fixed by a shorter story because then
you get to choose where you're going if
this combats getting repetitive
I think a lot of things could be fixed
with a shorter narrative or find a way
to incorporate story elements into your
gameplay find a way to have bonding
moments with your son in to the game
what what we have right now
story-wise is is a phrase that I've
heard and I hope I'm using it correctly
I'm gonna Google this later okay what we
have here is ludonarrative dissonance
uh-huh which is story and gameplay
telling opposite narratives well I think
this refers to something specifically
like the order 1886 remember don't harm
any innocent men and then you kill
everybody that's I think that's the kind
of thing that little narrative
dissonance is referring to but I
specifically I feel like there are
similar elements in here where the the
thing that Kratos is worried about he's
worried about his son learning about his
violent past yes now son
watch me tear this lawn
stur apart with my bare hand see jack
what you're missing is kratos can't help
what he is this just fits he's trying to
teach his son not to be like him but
he's not quite good at it because he is
what he is he knows what he is as a
monster yes and he doesn't want his kid
to become a monster but at the end of
the day he's a monster and and as a
parent there is nothing more infuriating
than do as I say not as I do
these Speedos fine then have the game be
about him learning that lesson but the
story doesn't really have him learn that
lesson you want already Ferdie bullshit
and then you get upset when there's
already 30 bullshit I don't know what
you want that's shallow arty-farty
bullshit man you want to pet the kid
button I want to pet the kid button let
me fucking hug my son he's Kratos he's a
mobster then don't make him a game about
Kratos being a dad or having turned his
kid into a monster or or or or do a
bunch of other shit
Kratos Kratos only hug his enemies very
very hard
ah there there's some fun in this game
uh-huh Kratos doing his Becks
Drax impersonation is very funny Mamere
the talking head great comic relief
fun fun characters as a backdrop to a
game but you weren't around and you beat
up monsters yep I was fine with it you
know I just I had big issues with the
story and the the combat while fun gets
repetitive and so like overall like I
just felt pretty man yeah about this is
the second best thing on the PlayStation
for me Wow
second yeah what dorm you get
blood-borne on top and you got this wow
that's pretty impressive new worth worth
dusting off the blood-borne worth what
yes it's worth dusting off the
blood-borne machines now a blood-borne
it's not a blood-borne and god of war
machine Wow oh cool that's that's quite
a recommendation if I if if you are able
to barrel your way through the story
just full-blown don't worry about
treasure-hunting run run run get the
story done it might be worth it okay
you're alone did I like it that's fine
yeah just felt prison it's nice when we
disagree honestly well yeah it makes
more likely yeah instead of just saying
it was great no it was great
