Jul 3, 2018
Moonlighter VS Recettear
youtube.com/watch?v=ru6S2HFX6mc
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1014162142961029121
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-moonlighter-vs-recettear

great all right we're ready jack
rich Jack Evans have you ever asked
yourself what it would be like to run
like the item shop inside a role-playing
fantasy world
well moonlighter by 11 bit Studios ask
that question and then they basically
ignored that they even asked it 11 bit
studio said item shop management that
sounds like an interesting idea let's
make a dungeon crawler there there they
take so first of all the the premise to
this episode moonlighter versus Reckitt
ear yes is kind of there there are two
games that have a very similar premise
1/2 dungeon crawler 1/2 item shop
management and the focus is somewhere
entirely different in either game it's
very true that's very true so yeah
starting with moonlighter yeah yeah well
money what are you talking about letter
it's that's this seems to be your baby
in this race that's your horse that is
clearly the jack game yeah out of the
two half of the game you're crawling
through dungeons fighting monsters and
picking up loot and the other half of
the game is selling that loot in your
item shop very very like um so what I'm
looking for rent randomly-generated
Zelda dungeons is that it's definitely
the yeah these Zelda binding of issac
formula it's it's very Isaac it feels
very spelunky but the premise of the
game is just this town and this town to
set up shop next to these mysterious
dungeons and the layout of the dungeons
keeps changing and they're their economy
is based on getting shit out of these
dungeons you play as will yeah who has
inherited the shop presumably from his
parents who I assume they have recently
died they're never never seen nor nor
mentioned using some context clues I'm
going to guess they died in the dungeon
very possibly because the old man keeps
on saying don't
in there yeah well that like that that
kind of story aspect of the game
everything is woefully underdeveloped
woefully I'm surprised they didn't shove
that into the end with all the rest of
the exposition and I think this is very
telling on the game in general yeah this
game when you run an item shop and in
this game will he doesn't want to run an
item shop he wants to be a dungeon hero
and that's how the game treats running
your shop like something you don't
really want to be doing yes yes almost
almost to the detriment of the game not
almost it is no I'm gonna say flat-out
to the detriment of the game the item
the the shop management yeah they didn't
know what to do with it they didn't care
about it it feels tacked on there is
nothing to running running your shop
right I mean it's it's nothing that
feels tacked on because the you know the
mechanics of running your shop there
there are some good aspects to running a
shop in so you know basically you you
you you get all your items and while
you're in the dungeon you only have so
much backpack space and so you have to
kind of prioritize the items you keep
versus the items that you kind of get
rid of that site that's nice oh yeah
really nice and so then when you get
back to your shop you have to figure out
how much things are worth there's no
good guide to what items are gonna cost
so basically just have to guess and then
there's a little scale it's weird that
it's a wild guess there's no even hint
to the value of something I found that
kind of irritating that that could have
there's a lot of little pieces that are
missing from moonlighter
so yeah like there's kind of a sliding
scale there is happy face with coin eyes
which means the people are getting a
really great deal which means you've
under priced it yeah all the way to
was so expensive that they won't buy it
and then there's sweet spot yeah and
once you're in the sweet spot every time
you put the item on the table it goes to
that price yeah and there's no price
fluctuation right so once you figure out
an items price you're done yeah just
throw it on the table and the game takes
care of itself because the game doesn't
care about running an item shop this is
the price for this is $125 dude off all
game yep yeah the game why the game I
was really annoyed the game flat-out the
game tells you you sell too many of an
item
well the price will go down that never
happened that never that never happened
I just like I went through like the
second dungeon relatively quick and the
time I got to the third I stayed in the
third dungeon for a while because I
wanted to earn money for some of the
upgrades that I wasn't really needing
were using yeah for the shop so I was I
was selling the same shit a lot price
never never changed nope never changed
and kind of no matter what all items
would be cleared from your shop at the
end of the day people bought it yeah
whatever you put out there people bought
yeah I definitely agree there were a lot
of chunks missing from the game
so my overall my overall thoughts I'm
them lighter yeah it's a it's an
adequate dungeon-crawler mmm it's an
adequate dungeon-crawler it's not bad
yeah some of the bosses maybe a little
bit too easy I got through two of them
the first time I ever saw them while I
was like willfully underprepared I
didn't have any health potions or
anything on me and it was fine yeah
but it's an adequate dungeon-crawler and
then the you know the other part of the
game that's the interesting selling part
yeah everything about the shop feels
just like a complete afterthought even
in sewing as far as the premise to the
game moonlighter yeah I kept waiting for
that push and pull that like oh today I
need to run the shop and I you know and
maybe there's a downfall to running the
shop instead of going into the dungeon
there is no pressure in this game moving
you forward whatsoever whatsoever not
even not even an in-game fictional story
premise like we got to get this done now
there are no consequences to failure if
you die in the dungeon how you lose a
few items mmm
there's you just just do it again the
next day you don't even have to open
your shop like hardly ever right there's
all right like you know what to make
sense in a game about running a business
that you would have some kind of I don't
know mortgage or loan to pay off at the
end of every in-game month that would
have been nice there's no operating cost
how about this you know what I kept on
waiting for is as someone who at one
point in his life had to balance a real
job versus a passion job something like
a health meter where it's like if you
spend too many nights in the dungeon
you're gonna you're gonna lose some
sleep and maybe that means your health
is gonna be affected
so if some nights maybe you just have to
sleep the whole night instead of going
to do your passion job because some
nights you know you have to watch the
shopper you know some sort of
discouragement but no you every morning
you run your shop every night go to the
dungeon then you go to the shop then you
go to the dungeon and everything's fine
for a game whose difficulty options are
labeled instead of like you know easy
normal and hard they're labeled normal
hard and very hard for a game that wants
to pretend it's difficult and their menu
is very laid back it's very laid back an
easy experience up
there's there's no real danger of
failing if you're having any kind of
trouble you just keep on grinding up so
you get the better weapons and armor and
then you sail through it yeah
yeah it's it's kind of lame I'm gonna be
honest with you I was expecting a lot
more from this game somatically it'll
arty-farty why I was expecting it to
tell a little story through gameplay
about the dangers of moonlighting about
the dangers of running a business and
then trying to do your passion on the
side it feels to me like they started I
think they had some of these ideas and
then they just kind of gave up that's
how it feels to me because you got the
old guy who keeps warning ya oh you're
gonna get hurt and then you got the kid
yeah who like really wants to who's
heaping in his dialogue he wants to
explore the dungeon I kept waiting for
like you to inspire the kid to go into
the dungeon and then he goes and alone
then you gotta save the kid no it feels
like an idol it could have used like six
more months in the tube just to get some
get some more ideas I know this was a
this was a kick-started game yeah and so
perhaps there was just some pressure to
release on time perhaps it's all they
had like oh no we have the basic ideas
and I'm talking really harshly about it
even though I very much enjoyed the game
there's a lot to criticize there what
here's the thing here's there's a lot
missing there's a lot missing and
there's a lot to criticize yeah and the
things that work they're not really
praiseworthy it's just kind of adequate
I'm let's let me switch you go ahead you
don't have to praise gear because in the
dungeon I feel like the the combat is
spot on it's it's all very simple combat
and the only real danger is knowing the
moves to your enemies and once you know
your enemy's moves you can you feel very
agile getting around in the dungeons
compared to other games that have
dungeons I don't know that it is that
amazing it's good but compared to a I
mean kind of difference more they're
more of twin-stick shooters but like
Binding of Isaac or enter the gungeon or
fuck even old-school Zelda dungeon
crawling like Link to the Past style ah
compared to compared to other dungeon
games I really like the comment I I
think the combat is very nice I'm not
gonna say it's the greatest I'm gonna
say it felt good it's less fluid hyper
light drifter I didn't play a ton of it
if you if you want this game hyper light
drifter already exists as a better
version of this game I I will say the
the the biggest challenge for me in the
dungeon was sorting my backpack yeah and
that is a bit of an issue I think I
think the backpack sorting made for kind
of a neat puzzle event it did because
there were things that had like weird
item statuses like you really want these
gold bricks but yeah gold bricks if you
keep those in your backpack will destroy
whatever item is directly above it so
you really got to worry about where you
position things in your and certain
things that just have to be on the edge
certain things need to be on the left
right time but oh yeah no I agree that's
a lot of fun but that's where the
challenge was it wasn't in any of the
enemies and I think that's a problem I I
do think I I think it's missing a lot of
little pieces but what's there is nice
and pleasant I think yes it's nice and
pleasant but I mean here's the thing
there's nothing that stands out as
amazing
I can say aha it's just what it works
it's adequate sure I mean I don't
I I liked a lot of the dungeon Carling I
wish I wish there was a little more
variety in the dungeons you know kind of
shape layout I would have loved some
like environmental dangers to add a
little variety spike traps some a little
more secrets like every floor of the
dungeon has a little sparkly spot and
and so if you keep your eye out you can
find a little secret in the pits and a
little maybe a little extra treasure
those are me maybe a special treasure
chest that teleports everything from
your backpack back home so you can fill
up your backpack
basically double the stuff you get for
that trip off or you can just go home
and drop your shit off and go to the
dungeon again because there is no thing
in the game that prevents you from doing
that it's fine you just do that whatever
you want
you brought up to me that you wanted to
stream this this is this this rope
playing a game where you you ran an item
shop and I thought Oh racketeer and you
looked at me like I was from Mars I did
I did and then I told you about this
game I was familiar with racketeer yeah
way way back in the distant past ten
years ago 2007 actually read this about
it it was the first Japanese indie game
on Steam
yes it is a game where you're you're you
plays as this girl and her father has
just recently died and he he left her he
saddled her with his debt just like in
real life very true to life this
comically large loan yes and so that she
has to pay this loan back by turning her
house into an item shop and and unlike
were lighter records here I think it's
either Rekha to your recipe it's you
know what either way it's fine either
way it's fine but racketeer or recipe er
really focuses on running the damn shop
that's that's the game's priority the
first major difference is that loan that
you have to pay back is constantly
lighting a fire under your ass it really
is and every every week in game you have
to pay off part of your debt and and in
a smart move every week it keeps getting
exponentially more the amount you have
to pay so like like like the difficulty
curve in something like like in a lot of
time in like a game when you're building
up your business yeah you start
steamrolling at some point and Rekha
tear off sets this because that payment
that weekly payment keeps really fuckin
ballooning yeah and for the whole game I
was like I were at like near the end of
that week I was really worried about
whether or not I had
enough money to make it so there's
there's there's the pressure element
that that keeps the driving you forward
it's a well it's it actually unlike
moonlighter racketeer has a hurdle to
jump oh it has a failed state
yes racketeer has a fail state
absolutely in moonlighter I was moving
around like oh I was stopping a thief I
was adjusting the price but because of
the difficulty curve it felt like I I
was almost on cruise control yeah
whereas in rekha tier because of their
sales system racketeer has the system
where a customer comes up to you with an
item it has a suggested price and then
you need to figure out if you can get a
little more for it if you have to sell
it for a little less you haggle so in
moonlighter it felt like the store days
we're almost on cruise control
whereas in rekha tier you got a manual
transmission and you're kind of riding
the throttle you know like you're you're
you're put you're playing the game like
oh I know this items hot right now I bet
I could get a hundred and thirty five
percent all this items not so hot right
now you know there's there's things to
do in rekha tier even though I was
moving more in moonlighter physically in
rekha tier I felt like I was gaming yeah
if that makes perfect sense running your
shop and and adjusting the prices that's
a constant thing throughout the game
yeah yeah yeah and and there's more
depth to the system than you think oh
yeah you can haggle with the people a
lot of times you can get up like a
hundred and thirty percent price for
that thing right but yeah not not
everybody has the same budget to work
with some people like you know they'll
ask you to suggestion item an item for
them yeah you can suggest something
that's just way too expensive for them
and they won't be able to buy it at all
right some some people you can you kind
of figure out like I can always get one
hundred and thirty percent for this item
out of that person but I have discovered
if you if you just want to run an
efficient business sometimes maximizing
that individual item price isn't always
the best deal there's a long term
strategy in records hero Jack where you
undercut them in price a bit like I
would you have not undercut that you you
you you know what 105 percent off the
normal value I just I only get like a 5
percent profit on that but over time you
build up reputation with them and they
just buy things that are more expensive
mm-hmm
so I mean it's like a short-term game
like do I want 130 or am i playing the
long game record tier has a long game
basically to keep with our car theme
sometimes you got to slow down so you
can go into the fast you drive it
racketeer on the store fronts level has
a really neat price fluctuate Rend
system yeah and so you know every every
so often a little bell will go off and
you'll get a little news alert and the
news alert says hey today weapons are
not hot no one's buying weapons right
now so that's when as a shop owner you
go over to the merchants guild you take
up all the weapons you can afford and
sit on them you don't put them out in
your shop you wait so then the next day
when it says weapon prices has
normalized then you shove mala there or
if you really play in the long game
weapon prices are hot today here I'm all
out there and then when someone comes up
and wants a weapon you can get up to 135
138 percent inflation plus the inflation
you get because you bought them at a
cheaper price is there's there's a
really that that part of racketeer is
really great running your shop on that
level yeah and especially when you get
into the later shops you know you got a
vending machine you got this you got
that day there was exactly one week in
rekha tier where I felt fantastic
like I had it I had invested in a ton of
I think metal item for chief gobbled up
all the metal items I could but then
prices weren't going up and and my
payment was doing I was I was closed
like this you know customers were coming
in asking me to like buy stuff off of
them because that's another part of
racketeer is just like in any RPG the
adventurer can sell their stuff at the
item shop yeah so you have to figure out
sometimes oh I'll buy this let's do this
so I was riding that line like oh I
might not make it and then just the day
before my bill was due metal items are
hot today shove it all out making all
the money it felt great but then after
that I had so much money just didn't
well the game the game is smart enough
to be relatively short I mean you can
you can play on after you finish paying
off the debt but I mean there's kind of
a desert
ending yeah and so the game smart enough
to end when it knows you're gonna be
really snowballing yeah yeah so I own it
worked for me you can play records here
quite successfully and never even set
foot in the games dungeons which I will
admit kind of suck the day I mean the
dungeon is totally something yeah I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna pretend they're
amazing that's not why I played the game
it's surprising to me that the dungeons
I guess they're in their early game as
kind of a way to bolster your inventory
cuz you don't have a ton of capital
it'll start with well the nice thing
about items you get from the dungeon if
he can really maximize a dungeon trip
and get lots of good items yeah you're
not paying anything for those eyes
that's pure Eddy everything you get out
of a dungeon is almost 100% your prop oh
yeah you have to pay like a thousand
pics to get a hero to go with you and
that's so like you
that's another thing I like by the way
yeah it's a you're you're an item shop
manager you are not an adventurer you
hire somebody else to get your shit out
of the dungeon oh ya know and and the
dungeons had a lot of good ideas like
for example if you fail a dungeon you
lose everything except for one item and
unlike moonlighter you that fucking
hurts what fucking hurts cuz you've got
that debt well weakened and because like
take going to a dungeon takes time out
of your sails day you can't go at night
like that takes up half of your day to
go to a dungeon you better get some
fucking good shit and when you feel
there it hurts your pocketbook no letter
it's just like I'll go back in it just
go right back in it's fine the only
downside is actually being in the
dungeon is a grinding
verbal experience fighting monsters is
crazy lame your care that the the the
the actual fighting is some of the worst
it's it's it's like throwing a bag of
bricks at a burglar it just feels dumb
and useless and it everything is that
and you know even to go beyond that
you're adventurers come into your shop
and buy stuff from you like let's say
your adventurer wants a sword that is a
significantly better sword than the one
you have you want them to buy that so
when they go into the dungeon necks they
have the nice sword
so you don't want to charge them too
much because you've really wanted to buy
it I know the only problem like that's a
really great idea but you don't need to
go into the dungeon at all so it never
matters I was by by the the middle of
week two I just stopped going to the
dungeons and it was a fire easier game
you don't need to go into the dungeons
you don't need to know but I had some
pretty profitable dungeon roads I an
item shop game Jack pure pure profit on
a ship the the the combat mechanics were
so poor and I was making so much money
just you know riding the the ups and
downs of the curves of buying stuff from
the merchants guild I did the dungeon is
pointless the dungeons the dungeons were
an afterthought in rekha - but here's
the thing it's an item shop game the
dungeons are supposed to be an
afterthought fine not I'll give you that
I'll give you that
no you know what my conclusion to this
episode is I can just jump straight
through it here's here's my conclusion
yeah if you take racketeering and you
graphed on moonlighters dungeon you have
a perfect item shop game
you now have the perfect item shop game
just the dungeon just the dungeons well
and you you have to you'd have to
physically you know reach in and remove
every speck of anime bullshit that's in
records here because that was annoying
some of the some of the bad stuff for
records here oh yeah yeah there's bad
stuff I'm not saying it's perfect a crap
ton of anime but it's stuff you can't
even excuse because mana it's 11 years
old
menus weren't dad fucked up 11 years ago
button layouts weren't that fucked up 11
years ago fucked up the same five second
music loop blaring wasn't that fucked up
five oh yeah I'm rich Evans I usually
play games with the sound turned down so
I can listen to something else oh you
needed because I have every sound effect
when you're in the dungeon it was like
one of those shitty like kung fu movies
where they used the same punching sound
effect a hundred times in a row I was
probably listening to a no Club
documentary that's the smart call cuz
those are great documentary oh god no
every sound and he was awful the music
was terrible their voice acting was
grating the dialogue I don't know if
somebody was having fun with the
translation I don't I don't know what
the how capitalism hole translates from
Japanese but capitalism Ho is adorable
it's great that was great I loved some
of I don't know if they were like
mistranslations or again if they were
just having fun yeah so you know some of
the times you know someone like someone
would come in to sell something and the
the translation would read this is a
we heirloom and my grandmother said only
sell it if I really needed it but it was
like a candy apple right right
agreed very fun there were there was
some fun stuff but overall the the
recycling of a lot of the audio assets
was just the worst okay you know that's
if we're doing review I should that I
should not turn off the music instantly
I'll keep that in mind in the future
that in mind and well I mean obviously
it's just the way I game it's just just
what I do well and doing it this time
was for the betterment like maybe that's
what I enjoy
I think it's obvious I like record here
a lot for the sake of criticizing it
yeah yeah just some of the menu in
button layout is just fucked why and
what in what sane world is l1 the
settings menu I get up the first night I
played this game I got like a good week
and a half deep into the game and I hit
the the start button although I should
save this game so I'm looking at the
start button Oh nothing's happening
where's how do I save I can't find is if
I guess there's an autosave and I'd
turned it off and the next day I wasn't
turned it on
whoops there was there was no autosave
the save menu the same option was hidden
under the l1 button to be fair yes
everything is fucked uh here so here's
here's a to be fair and still a
criticism is when you open this game
through Steam you get two options to
open it one is just to play the game and
two is to go into the configuration menu
and in the configuration menu you can
reassign buttons to your controller the
configuration succuss I've got a weird
separate file - is that weird it's super
what I mean if this is a ten year old
game but games 10 years ago weren't
doing that shit that's like a that's
like a 30 year old game
did you ever did you ever notice the the
the merchant experience combo yeah it
was going on yeah and I don't know what
why oh ya know if if you offered like a
number of people items in a row without
having to haggle like they like that's a
good price you got the just price you
know the first time you get like take
two points and the next time you did it
in a row without having to haggle it was
for when it would double up so it's like
a little a little minigame just just to
make your your shop days more gamey sure
where you wanted to get that a combo
meter high to get more and more
experience for your merchants experience
level yep I just let you unlock more
shit in the shop so you can sell more
shit where you know redecorate your shop
to change the atmosphere so maybe it's a
little bit richer and richer people will
come into your shop there's a there's
just a lot to this game there there I I
agree like there is a lot of good in the
base shop management yeah like you know
that the there is a lot of neat stuff I
loved that as I was getting into my
final week and as the shop was really
picking up you know I was selling items
for you know 30,000 40,000 picks and you
know just really raking in the money how
they they suddenly threw a wrench into
that and someone was coming in trying to
sell me wallpaper for like a billion
pics and and then you have to just take
a step back going wait am i buying this
or am i selling this do I have this in
my shop that's you know that's another
thing I'm gonna criticize yeah it's not
always entirely obvious whether or not
the item that you're haggling over if
it's something they're trying to buy
from you yeah or something they're
trying to sell you you have to pay
attention you have to really pay
attention to every time they speak to
you because oh yeah I mean after a while
you're kind of on cruise control for a
little bit and the game does punish you
for that go wait wait wait I just lost
that money right right yes I do wish
that needs to be a little bit more
obvious
I what I think is there in the in the
little bubble
it says how much should I pay this I
think when it's in yellow yeah that's
when I'm buying it it's not super
obvious well you see if plated a bit yes
yeah because the customer says how much
should I pay and when I buy something it
says how much should I pay and only when
it's in yellow doesn't mean that I've
emergent not I the customer yes yeah
that's fair that's another fair
criticism it needs a little elbow grease
here and there to remove some of the
frustration but like I said I I I think
you know moonlighter
kind of gave me an an overall like okay
experience and with rekha tear I had
one really great high as a merchant but
then there was it was a lot of muddling
bullshit wool lighters a lot more casual
yeah which I mean isn't necessarily a
horrible thing it's it's it's easier
just to play something for bet I'll turn
on moonlight or blah blah blah yeah oh
yeah I think I'll take ten minutes I'll
go through a dungeon but overall I find
moonlighter to be the less compelling
experience I can agree with that okay I
can agree with that I think if you're if
you're anime tolerance meter is high
enough for me it's shocking I'm really
surprised the point where I was able to
get into it yeah yeah cuz there's a lot
I mean like you're a little anime girl
and you have a little anime fairy that
helps you out and there's a lot of
whining but of course he didn't listen
to any of it so I wasn't hearing much of
the dialogue no
in general as a criticism to both of
them I would have loved a little more
shop customization in moonlighter you
can do almost no shop customization like
you can put a picture on your wall that
gives you 10 percent more money in rekha
tear you can move stuff around you can
change the floor you can change the
wallpaper I would have loved a little
more customers I'd like you know it
didn't feel like my shop I would have
loved to Mina maybe like draw a path
that customers could go through or
you know like like what I got here
right like you know one of the things in
in in moonlighter you had a sale bin
right yeah and wouldn't it be neat if
you could like make a walking path so
customers had to go by the sale bin
while they were waiting in line you know
just like they're doing real stores like
okay like an impulse buy item and that
would have been neat and even in rekha
tear you can change a bunch of cosmetic
stuff I never did because I was making
enough money I didn't want to spend
money I don't want to spend money on a
wallpaper you could spend my this
racketeer is all about spending money to
make money
yeah it's rekha tear just embraces the
year old business standard buy low sell
high yeah and you know the the
decorations do affect the atmosphere of
your stores that's another thing like
plain gaudy light dark and yeah a
certain spot you get better customers
that come in mmm
yeah and I I didn't change anything yeah
I upgraded my store do I get to get a
bigger store but I never changed
anything and I didn't really notice a
difference Oh God
recommendations recommendations I think
you have a perfect item shop game if you
can just graphed on moonlighters
dungeon-crawling
directly onto Rekha tier or rest it's
here Oh Harvard supposed to be
pronounced yeah you have the perfect
game otherwise if if the idea of running
a shop intrigues you you're not gonna
get anything out of moonlighter recipe
roar Rekha tier whatever really really
focuses on that but moonlighter is a
fine casual dungeon crawler yeah yeah
I'd give both of these the the Steam
sale recommendation it's a short game
and it's a game that doesn't have a ton
of depth moonlighter yeah which you
might be in the mood for something like
that it's a fine thing ad it's a fine
thing and Rekha tier is a game that can
get very annoying at some times but is a
decent shop management sim yeah I think
that's it I think so I really like the
music and women later did you listen to
that
