BattleTech
June 6, 2018
http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-battletech/

Jack.
Rich Evans.
That intro was terrible and i'm starting again
Great
you'll never know what it was but it was
terrible so we played battle tech battle
tech which is turn-based strategy grid
movement strategy kind of thing yeah
the other is resource and personnel
management it is part of the the
long-running I would say
underappreciated battle tech universe
which has been going on battle Tech's
been a thing for thirty forty years I
don't even fucking know when they
started ok underappreciated it's a
tabletop game most people would be
familiar with this as the same series as
MechWarrior oh okay so the mech warrior
games take place in this universe ok is
I I think an underappreciated universe
it's this this version of the future
where people have gone back to feudalism
for no particularly good reason but it's
it's it's right up my fucking alley it's
it's the science fiction universe where
in the past
humanity had it shipped together right
mm-hmm
they have the Star Trek future like
humanity we got all we you know offer
petty bullshit now if we're gonna come
together as one and together as a
species we're gonna go out and explore
and colonize the galaxy and look at this
great technology we've developed
together oh no people can't get along
we're gonna splinter under little groups
war war everywhere so this is like Deep
Space 9 cynical post Star Trek well
let's see it's not like Deep Space 9 is
humanity facing a common thread ok the
message of battle Tech is that humanity
really can't get it shit together we
came close but we can't do it as a
species we are we are too petty too
greedy we can't come together as long as
if we try we're just gonna form our own
little groups within there and the whole
things just gonna fall apart great I
love the battle town and and it's this
it's a weird thing because it's this
it's this gritty science fiction
universe where for some reason people
have decided the best way to have more
was giant robots which has never made
any kind of sense right why a lot of the
missions you go on just involve wiping
out a large group of other people's
robots or things and you just think
yourself wouldn't just dropping missiles
do a much better job
once you have nukes like that changes
the face of war right for fun most
science fiction tends to ignore this yes
I copy
one metric okay now that I've talked
about the universe I guess we should
explain the gameplay rush yeah yeah very
very much a turn-based tactical kind of
thing yes words are going for or you
have your robots and you move them one
at a time and then you tell them what
shoot at and then the other team will
take its turn yeah and you can even get
even more detailed you can you know tell
your robot to move here tell it what to
shoot at and tell it what guns to shoot
at the thing yes you can get very
detailed which goes into this other part
of the game which is like heat
management for your mech making sure it
doesn't overheat and cause damage and
shut down for a little bit well I got a
desert plant your mech is more likely to
overheat than it would be and say a
Tundra right right and and so there
there's a bunch of these tactical things
that you can do one of my problems with
battle tech is for me at least it just
seemed to come down to stand there and
shoot wait to get shot at by the other
guys stand there and shoot I agree I
agree it's like they want the depth to
be in there and there's these things
that should in theory add to the depth
but in practice it feels like you shoot
at them then they shoot at you only
unlike at a JRPG you can need to move
around a little bit yeah like they have
this thing where you can try to get a
little tactical by like jumping over
your enemy and shoot them in the back
but again in my playing it never seemed
to make much of a difference whether I
was shooting an enemy in the back or in
the front or doing a melee attack it was
just staying there and she would wait to
get shot in there
there were times where I felt like I
don't I tackled behind you got that nice
critical and their ammo blew up mm-hmm
and that was like ah good but the
problem the major problem with this game
is every mission you go on
feels like the eggs
same mission there is no variety to
speak of and it gets old if if this
review were to have an overarching theme
it would be and in that Battletech has
an incredible lack of personality the
gameplay I think I still love the
universe you loved it before you started
though and so like I loved it from other
better games right and so like for me as
an I've never this is my first
Battletech game it all just seems so
bland and generic but a game you know
under the umbrella of everything is
bland in generic the gameplay is bland
and generic and repetitive every map
looks the same it looks the same there's
different colors maybe yeah there's some
there's brown ground and here's some
grey ground there's some greenish ground
with some water but every level every
stage every enemy feels the same
absolutely
you you you walk into a new map it
doesn't matter whether or not your
objective is to blow up the base blow up
the enemies or protect a thing it all
plays out the same you walk forward you
see some other trucks you shoot at some
of their trunks and some of their
Mexican men you shoot some of the Mex
everyone is dead you've won the mission
regardless of what the objection is all
you really have to do at the end of the
day is just kill everything yeah yeah
defeating jump-jet
Oh
which which leads me into another kind
of negative point all my points are
basically negative yes I did not have a
good time playing the game but another
negative point with the combat is did it
seem to you like the AI was really bad
no they would they would do this smart
thing and focus on one enemy okay which
is the smart tactic like they've got
eight guys and they concentrate all
their fire on your one robot here until
it's dead
and that's smart I predict a ball it's
very predictable and it seems like they
don't love one time and yeah I just know
I have the clip so that's why I can
bring this up this very specific point
up one time I was playing and I had
position I jumped over someone to get a
position to shoot them in the back right
yeah me but I didn't think ahead and one
of their mechs was literally two feet
behind me with their guns pointed at my
back
yeah I'm in for it I'm done for right
then their mech went around my Mac to
shoot someone else like it didn't take
the advantage shot that it had that it
was given presumably your AI had decided
that all of its max was going to fire on
this one regardless of the fact that it
had a much better shot on a different
Mecca
I don't know and I kept noticing weird
little things like that
just weird little inconsistencies where
it never felt like I was fighting
anything intelligent
there's there's not enough to make the
combat interesting yeah there's just
this is not enough yeah yeah you know
what adds to it not being interesting
the fact that everybody's walking around
in a gray box that these robots largely
look the same from a distance
all the mechs look alike all the enemy
mechs look alike it's not only is the
terrain you are fighting on bland
the things you are fighting are the same
things over and over it yeah and it just
adds to that tedium to me a lot of
tedium X XCOM has this kind of ruin
turn-based combat elevated elevated but
more people more people need to be just
straight up ripping it off if if battle
Tech had come out 15 years ago I might
have enjoyed it more honestly better
after X come after nu X come I don't
know the bar has been raised rich and
there's no there's no there's no shame
in saying that like we have something
that is so much better
everyone needs to at least meet that
yeah right
yeah they just want to I don't even know
if it's fair to compare this to X come
but yeah but I'm just I'm just going to
visually X come is very good at giving
you useful information okay like the the
movement squares like you got the blue
outline and the yellow outline for the
sprint distance yeah that's all like I
just look at a screen of XCOM and I know
what's going on I know what I'm going to
do I owe that but a little block there
that is obviously cover mm yeah right
like I it's got a little icon of or or
happen based on the size of if it's a
half you
whole shield I know how much cover I get
out of it
battle tank has rocky terrain it's it's
not super obvious like how far you can
move to you click on your unit it's got
some weird-looking dot things I know
it's a kind of ugly as far as as far as
cover it's like you you you you you get
some cover if you're like standing in a
forest but it's not always clear where
that cover starts there's like a tiny
white dot when you're not in the forest
at a tiny green dot when you're in the
forest and sometime the green dot
doesn't look like it should be in the
forest it's kind of near the forest but
haven't seen many trees there mm-hmm
and let's say you want to gain an
advantage on an enemy so maybe oh I can
I know I can move my mech down here and
get behind my enemy right well so you
get a little bit closer and you discover
that that's actually a cliff that you
need to jump down and you don't have
jump boosters and there's no real good
way to know what you can walk down or
what you need to jump down it's all
muddled I agree
move order received
so in in this game yeah you you get to
hire your own crew yeah like a big part
of this game we haven't talked about is
running your mercenary business well
that's the whole that's the other half
that's the other half you you you get
your own crew members that's right
that's right you can't customize them
that's right they they have their own
names they have their own look and they
all every single one of them has the
worst voice acting I have ever heard in
any game and X come you get your crew oh
I want you like I want to give this guy
a beard I'm gonna give this guy that
jacket and and that look and he's gonna
be wearing this goofy hat and let me put
a change his name to this this is his
name now oh I get to get his callsign oh
he's got a call sign now and yeah I'm
gonna write a little backstory for him
and a little backstory section it gets
you attached to the characters gets you
emotionally invested in the characters
you know what other game does this
really well is is darkest dungeon yeah
where where they actually use character
traits as a gameplay mechanic but in
battle tech you don't get to control the
the look or personality of your pilots
you barely get to control the look and
personality of your mechs so there's
nothing to get attached to and yeah
here's why I was excited about that all
tech rich I love giant robots yeah I
think they're super cool and so the idea
of like getting to pilot and customize a
giant robot even if it's in kind of a
top-down tactical fashion was really
appealing to me yeah but the amount of
customization that you can do is
basically swap out a paint color
it's that overarching umbrella of just a
lack of personality where I don't care
about I'm not invested in any of these
mechs or any of these pilots to be fair
they the pilots can and do die but like
you said I never taken we got very
invested in any of them right as
characters you
you can level them up so they get
different abilities but none of the
abilities are particularly exciting
where's that umbrella where's that lack
of personality umbrella though they
think they take a little bit less damage
when they don't move that turn I I guess
that's a game changer fucking right
yes commander
position confer targeting for a little
attack
getting into the world into the story of
Battletech a little bit
I was completely indifferent the to
what's-her-face was to get back her
kingdom right yeah why do I give a shit
about this lady oh she's dead okay well
I'll go be a mercenary alright I'm a
mercenary wait she's alive do I care no
see see okay they they do give you like
some dialogue options you're able to
give yourself some personality within
the game
and I made it very clear to her that
yeah I'm happy to help you but I need
the body this is yeah I know I know I
worked for you once lady but this is
this business okay so I wasn't very
invested in her story but then again
neither was my character alright so it
was alright I by the way that's a total
fair point and I like that I think my my
particular problem is it didn't
necessarily suck me into the universe as
a newcomer to the series yeah see in in
past games of the series you've
frequently in these games been able to
play as just a mercenary out for himself
I didn't really care about getting
involved in anyone's person story for me
at all was I need about the money yeah I
want the money I'm gonna hire the better
people I'm gonna get the better ships
I'm gonna you know what I got all this
money now I'm gonna customize my robot
oh this is vanil tech 2018 they kind of
ruined the met customization
I remember playing Macquarie or two
mercenaries yeah and there weren't that
many limits it was like size and size
and heat weight and heat where your two
limits in customizing your Mac I took a
took a MEK MEK I put put some like
repeating lasers on it yeah
as many as I felt comfortable putting in
there are many heat sinks is like behind
Ophidian
uh-huh and I I overheated frequently but
it was a beast yeah and it felt like
mine that felt like my goddamn robot
like this I pilot that ship that's
that's my ship it's my special laser my
laser robot jaga yeah and I tried to I I
finally you know in this game I finally
got a decent amount of money in the game
like all right I'm gonna take pick one
of these ships it's gonna be my robot
listen what do I want to do it my robot
I went into the customization screen
yeah and I found out I could barely do
anything with the customization the
customization they have built-in
limitations on body parts for what you
can put in that body hardpoints for one
if alright a hard point is like there's
a there's a ballistic hard point and an
energy weapon hard point like a utility
and like you can only that particular
hard point you'd only mount that
specific type of weapon and I was like
you couldn't even like I can understand
if you just wanted a living at me like
this met can only hold five weapons in
there and like just generic weapon
attachment points but no I was like you
must have three missiles exactly three
missile weapons and only one laser
weapon on this robot don't have fun
without have fun that's the part that
that robot has its own unique identity
and we're not gonna let you take that
identity away from the robot this is the
long-range missile robot and you can
only use it for that oh no I'm a little
bit disgusting cuz like I said I like
this fictional universe yeah
oh I like this fictional universe Jack
and I I like aspects of this game I like
of running your business aspect of this
game it it needs it needs more depth to
it yeah but I like the idea of this this
big vast universe and I can take my ship
wherever I want to go in this universe
wherever there is conflict in this
universe and I think I could make money
there and I can buy and trade weapons
and management there's a there's a
there's a business mercenary sim in here
that needs to be fleshed out they need
to I I was I was wishing at some point
that this game had just a skip combat
button
I wanted it just to be just fucking
automate you know it can't just send all
of my higher ease on that mission and
they could just do it
I'll let the computer tabulate it yeah
and then I'll just focus on business
because the tactical combat is so
fucking boring that you just wanted to
run him I just wanted to run my business
and in a perfect world both would be
equally exciting like like oh I can't
wait to get into combat and smash some
robots all right I smashed the robots
I can't wait to scrap all that part so I
can build more robots oh wow maybe I
could hire some more crew to smash some
more robots
the flow should be there and it's not
yeah it's the on both sides on both the
the business management and the tactical
combat it's just not there I mean I I
like the concept of negotiating your own
contract but the the implementation is
so simplistic right the sliders it's
like you want to simulate I'll do it for
$40,000 and then the other you know
10,000 no I'll do it I'll do it for I'll
do it for 10 but I want it instead it's
just there's a bar and you slide the one
bar for the money and then the scrap
slider goes down and it's so no this
should be better this that's what I
would felt playing the entire game is
this should be better I'm in a giant
robot blowing up other robots why don't
I care about
this this should be better I remember in
the the early-mid warrior one the
earliest mech warrior game the contracts
for more interesting because you yeah I
typed out my own number and I was like
well this is what I'll do it for and not
slide slide slide then the other slider
compensates oh as a special note yes a
special note I don't know if you ran
into this just just another thing that
really irked me during the battles was
when they took over the camera and it
ended up lodged in a mountain so I
couldn't see what was going on I didn't
happen oh my god every single time if
you were doing a melee attacker if the
enemy was doing like a big attack
sometimes it would randomly decide to
like give you the dynamic camera yeah
and 80% at a time it ended up like in
Iraq or in a tree and I didn't know what
was happening or who was attacking who
at what point the camera was all over
the place
target neutralized I didn't what one of
the minor nitpick thing I found annoying
I was game do it in this game with a
thing I enjoyed most was running your
own business now if you want a better
ship wouldn't you expect like to have to
run your business really well and save
up money for it
of course of course you just do the main
story missions that eventually she'll
give you a bigger ship you just you just
give it to ya
it felt completely unearned like you
didn't have to give any money no I don't
have to give any money it's just here
we're gonna give you this bigger
spaceship because you need a bigger
space ship now oh yeah it just left a
bad taste in my mouth that's not how
that word I know you go you go to the
store and you see who's selling what
kind of ships
oh the ships in bad condition but it's
slightly bigger than the one I could
sink some money into fixing it off yeah
and then many later down the road once
that ships making money we can get the
even bigger ship nope here's your big
ship you got a big ship now you did it
oh that's bad that's legitimately bad
yeah was that's like you know what are
they what do they say Bor born on 3rd
wants a wants a trophy when they get a
home run like like that's yeah then then
why do anything oh I'll just do the
story and you'll give me all the things
I need why why even run a business
someday Jack yes one of these days
somebody is going to make a really good
version of modern updated version of
MechWarrior 2 mercenaries it's gonna
happen someday and I am gonna be all
over it when it happens
make it happen if I keep doing this and
I know I should you keep hitting the
table
i-i targeting for a physical attack one
for the scrappy so would you recommend
the game no no no I can't it's too
boring the tank of combat is too boring
and repetitive yeah well I want to like
it
mm-hmm I want that I want that old neck
warrior mercenary experience where I'm
doing my contracts and hiring my people
and I'm taking my ships out no you did
it the boring why'd you do it
what'd you do with the boring you did it
but boring it did it but boring sorry
Up next
