Track 016
Rogue One
April 28, 2017
https://redlettermedia.bandcamp.com/track/star-wars-rogue-one-a-star-wars-story-commentary-track
________________________________________________________________________________________________

hello and welcome to our commentary
track for Star Wars rogue one a Star
Wars story by Star Wars
I might copyright Disney I'm Jay and I
am rich and we're Evans we're still
talking about this
why it's a ragu one this Rouge one Rouge
one let's everybody kept spelling it
wrong right yes one guy's name is one
right you talking about diego luna what
what is he he plays cast Caspian and or
that can cast can Kardashian and Orion
he plays he's I think he's Mexican he's
from Mexican heritage so rich made a
joke that the movie should be called
rogue Juan Ju a.m. or because Danny ends
in the film rogue Juan W a.m. it was
released in China where it flopped
that's what they called it yes yes and
so yeah we we have all sorts of jokes
coming up from your this commentary
attract everybody and the biggest joke
of all is the film itself but but Mike
it's so pretty
oh it's gritty and I could take Star
Wars seriously here's our here's our
wonderful wonderful exciting pushing on
the blue milk they're zooming in on the
mother character they were zooming in on
the milk we know what the deal is okay
so this is the flashback opening June
that's a young-jin or so and her father
Galen or so yes and her mother blah blah
blah or so mama or so mama or so I know
we talked about this in the half of the
bag episode but they are really fucking
far away yeah look at that that doesn't
bother me I get it's totally for
dramatic effect oh sure but did you just
look at it like we're watching it now
without sound and not really paid
attention to the movie they're really
far away
as boring as this movie is that that's
the one thing that doesn't bother me
that much well let me ask you guys this
cuz after our half of the bag episode
everyone has decided that we hate the
movie do any of us hate it
no I found myself liking it a I would
say at 1 percentage point more when I
rewatched it Wow
mainly because I it's it's a it's a it's
a terrible terrible film but I think I
think it it exceeds really well in the
visuals the costumes the and the special
effects in it I mean I know we don't
talk about special effects anymore
because every movie is good special
effects but they're really good in this
no I would say that this is a better
technical movie than force awakens yeah
it feels more so Incans feels a little
like cartoony a lot you mean you mean
the force awakens feels like a Star Wars
movie yes yes I'm like you know Star
Wars movie without a lot of Jedi
hocus-pocus going on ya know we all went
into this movie wanting to hate it for
some reason by the way for anybody who
doesn't know I have the unpopular
opinion that Jedi are boring as shit
what is it you got out of the Star Wars
movies in the original movies han Solo
space smugglers no caster stuff
adventure stuff not the mystical space
fights fights Luke Skywalker was your
main character although was the one I
wanted to be though well sure yeah but
Luke Skywalker was the one you related
to because he was just an average
everyday sure who was out to save the
princess in the galaxy but yeah it's
very simple stuff it's almost like the
movies were made for kids oh yeah much
like this movie like a fantasy story
like it's a fantasy adventure more than
it is some sort of hard sci-fi right
this is a grittier Star Wars movie Jai
and what's the benefit of that rich well
it's gritty and it's realistic and I can
finally take Star Wars seriously
so here we have by the way people who
listen to this they're gonna think I
hate the fact that it's gritty I hate
the fact that that's all it is well
that's that's the problem with the movie
it all the surface level stuff is
fantastic as far as the look of the
movie like I wish that the force awakens
looked more like this it's very gritty
it's very everything looks lived in
there's that there's sort of a Polish -
force awakens it looks a little cartoony
I love the look of this movie and
there's some great space battle stuff
later on I don't think any of us hate
this movie the problem is it's just it's
barely a movie yeah it's all it's all
style and no substance although all the
positive attributes are just the surface
level stuff yeah the costumes and lists
are wonderful the characters all the
monsters - sets like you said everything
has the paint chips on it and looks it
looks so ugly and yeah and the
cinematography - I really like the look
of this movie oh yeah yeah everything
about it is great except for the
creativity of the screenplay which is
severely severely lacking yes and it was
very weird when the movie came out - to
see so many people justifying no
characterization it was the most bizarre
thing to see people like you you
shouldn't care about the characters
because they all die at the end
it's like know that but then why am i
watching them you should care about them
when they die you should feel some sort
of emotional impact this movie is love
because just because you can feel like
you're a grown up adult for watching
Star Wars it's just it's just because
it's it's the gritty one yeah I'd be
curious to know like a like a parent
that took their 8 9 10 year old to this
movie and what kind of reaction the kid
had I even heard any stories about this
but there's got to be some some
traumatizing stories out there right
I'll tell you this real quick Jim took
his six year old Canadian Jim uh and he
asked him what his favorite part of the
movie was and he said when the little
girl was given the the stuffed r2d
two in bed and then he later realized
that that was a Duracell ad that played
before the movie so he obviously you
didn't get much out of the film you know
all the heroes died in the end though
and that means it's for adults yes and
that ironically to be as so childish
well there's there's yeah I don't know
there's there's a split amongst the fans
and it's there's people like us who
enjoy Star Wars on a different different
level a different I would say a
different way
sure and then there's people that really
get into the the spaceships and the the
mythology and all the other stuff that
are meant as as the wallpaper yeah in
the background the backdrop for the fun
adventure stuff yes it's a backdrop you
have to like your characters and you
have to relate to them feel for them
follow them on this journey want to be
them and the the technical aspects of
spaceships and lightsabers and Jedi
mythology and all that is the backdrop
and and there there's a large and that's
what Disney realizes if there's a large
fan base that loves that stuff hmm do we
want to talk about a adult Jenna or so
just being introduced at a jail cell
here yeah this is this is a little
jarring we skipped all the character
building stuff yeah that's what that's
what the movie should have had was there
I'm assuming in this movie she get
arrested yeah well how what happened
between when she was a kid now we got it
like a couple lines from Che Guevera but
that's it yeah they're they don't even
show flashbacks of her like fighting in
the rebellion and all that no but but
that was foreseen that this is now a
difference now we're on a different
planet this is diego luna's character
doing some covert shit and really like
it was basically like okay Jin this is
five years old and now she's about
20-something yeah boom something
happened between those two scenes about
her in jail yeah and that's all we know
Mike it worked for The Lion King did it
character development that movie happens
off screen yeah I remember not like in
the Lion King because of that but I
haven't seen it since I was a kid
then we also have a voice by James Earl
Jones yes it does
okay yes it does we have that perfect
Wow
they're basically the same film James
Earl Jones hates on-screen character
development that's that's what you could
deduce from that he hasn't in this
contract I will come back to do this new
Star Wars movie but you have to cut out
Eddie's scene that makes you care about
the lead character it's all James Earl
Jones's fault that's crazy
here's where Cassie and and/or murders a
man because he can't climb up a wall
Casanova Endor yeah he kills like a
crippled man Casanova Endor Casanova
Endor that sounds like you should write
for Mad Magazine
remember when Mad Magazine would do
their parodies just come up with the
dumbest most obvious names it's
something Kells own why do you keep
saying calzone casseon and/or anyways so
yeah this this shows that we're dealing
with with gritty gritty rebels yes this
this casseon guy he's a little rough
around the edges just like Han Solo
he'll kill people but then he never
really does it again or show any traits
that come back to the scene in any way
no actually does quite the opposite when
he has the opportunity to to execute the
guy who built the Death Star he he gets
weak and doesn't do it mainly because he
feels bad because it's Jin's father and
he just met her like 25 minutes ago as I
say that would be character development
if the characters knew each other at
that point yeah or if he decided to to
straighten out morally more like an
opportunity came up where he was able to
or he was forced to shoot somebody who
was slowing them down but instead he
goes and reaches his hand out yeah and
then the other guy grabs his hand and he
goes come on
we're not leaving any man behind and
then you say alright I like you I said
they just die this way we get to know
how much serious business rebellion
Star Wars is oh right yeah oh we are on
a new planet by the way we missed it we
missed this one oh oh right another
planet this is goo goo goo goo
wasn't the name of the plant Pazuzu this
planet is called Jetta
which sounds like Jedi which is
confusing yeah well I think it was
probably it's an old planet with an on
old planet but there's old ruins on the
planet of ancient Jedi's technically it
is also an old planet it's probably
billions of years that's true right yeah
I guess no well there might be a young
planet out there somewhere in the galaxy
but yeah yeah you're right rich it is an
old planet with old ruins on it because
the Jedi go back thousands of thousands
of thousands of years I have a feeling
that at some point we're gonna get a
movie set on this planet that takes
place 3000 years ago you know all about
Jedi all about Jedi I'm sure we'll get
one to show how that statue fell over
because we need to know the Great War of
the first what if it's part of a comedy
though like some kind of space con man
comes in and sells them in building this
ridiculous giant like Jedi serials like
the monorail and then the statue falls
over like like right after the
dedication ceremony where the time man's
like trying to get out of town real
quick and everyone's chasing them with
like lightsaber lightsaber pitchforks
Yoda builds the first lightsaber
pitchfork use it to work crops in the
field but instead waitress Italy young
experienced Yoda who gets suckered by
the con man yes via Yoda story build a
statue he will Yoda I sent something
very very mischievous about this man
trust him I do 50 billion space books
well speaking of doing Star Wars as a
comedy one of the things that people
like about this movie and all the things
they get very defensive about with this
movie is the fact that if you say like
oh it doesn't feel like a Star Wars
movie like for all the problems that
force awakens has you know it has that
that feel that tone of Star Wars and
that's what that movie was supposed to
do was reestablish that after the
prequels so then you have a movie like
this and it's it's dark it's gritty it's
miserable
and people will say like oh but that
shows that you can do more types of
movies with Star Wars
but if they came out with an outright
comedy like that would those same people
be upset that they were doing something
different with Star Wars yes okay
because they want to feel like they're
adults when they watch their children's
fantasy exactly and by the way it's okay
to enjoy that children's fantasy yes I
like the original trilogy just uh well
yeah I think an outright comedy would
just be bizarre remember what was that
cartoon show they're detours that they
never made it like an ad for it Star
Wars detours I think that got lost in
the shuffle of selling to Disney they
thought you know what that you know what
that was they thought Robot Chicken was
getting too much mileage out of Star
Wars yeah probably yeah yeah but then
when they when Lucas sold the rights to
Disney Disney conveniently lost the
paperwork for that show
they lost off all files related to it it
just got it fell off a truck somewhere I
think that the most humor humorous
they'll get us like a guardians of the
galaxy type tone yeah and but what other
genres are there I mean oh god oh god
not horror I just pictured his life you
know do you know there was a book a Star
Wars book called death troopers about
stormtrooper zombies yeah oh my lord
want to say that was that official Star
Wars Canon yes Wow but all that all
that's gone now that extended universe
stuff is in the trash but yeah some like
a Star Wars horror movie but like that's
really like like
pushing it a little bizarre could have
people on like a you know you could do
it you could do a story about the Hoth
base when the the wampas Hoth wampas are
smashing through the walls like the cut
footage from Empire like you know before
han Solo and Luke get there there's ten
of them and they're coming into the base
that sounds kind of great they can move
through the snow and someone gets their
arms ripped off and murdered violently
rated-r wambach but like like that that
we're we're laughing like I mean they're
never gonna do a horror movie they're
never comedy the most we're gonna get is
is drama and this is close to drama I
guess I mean yeah this is no this is a
gritty war film even though there's no
real war well there's people on the
ground shooting each other it's not an
outright war I mean it's Star Wars but I
think but there's Jimmy Smith's the
prequels happened they happened well
yeah and this lady whose plays mon
mothma
was in Star Wars Episode three really as
as young Mon Mothma I think that was a
deleted scene it was a great scene yeah
it was a early like her and there's an
old black guy with the beard bunch of
characters like that that would like the
early formations of the rebellion on the
head a little meeting with Padme and
that's the same actress Oh fine why
didn't they just do a CG face on the
actress from the original film Oh cuz
this works so much better it's it's not
horribly distracting or embarrassing
yeah
here's alan tudyk and in a robot costume
oh wait no motion capture mocap you know
he was there and like a surfer suit just
like a reference for and stuff and yes
he had like stilts on his feet
I'm what walking around I'm like well
what like we with the little motion
capture balls all over his body and just
yeah wearing like um like a wetsuit skin
tight wetsuit walking around and I was
like wait a minute like that that robot
like his arms are real thin and yeah
they had to like digitally like remove
him from everything like what a big
fucking pain in the ass I guess that's
that's why movies cost so much I guess
yeah and wonder what the budget for this
was compared to force awakens there's
word that the CG on that robots not
terrible man no I it looks great
it's looks like perfect yeah and he's
the best character in the movie he's
your comic relief he's yeah he's your
funny droid not the most original
character at a Star Wars movie but no at
least there's some levity and he's the
only one with any sort of character arc
uh yeah no one has a character arc you
don't need it cuz they're all gonna die
at the end so you shouldn't have a
character arc no what about when Donnie
Yen learns to use the four oh wait he
did that in his first that's true that's
true
didn't anybody say k2s Oh sounds exactly
like c-3po or was that okay I'm sure
they were okay with that being the case
it sounds like him but to different guy
doing the voice so it's okay
now they're blasting off to go somewhere
so in case you're wondering the chain of
events goes hey remember this shot
that's a guy that's a guy okay
Gailen or so whispers into the year of
Bodhi the pilot we're at a death star
coming look out Bodhi then flees and
goes to the rebellion I think right
where does he go
and he tells everybody that the Death
Star's gonna happen and then it goes to
Saul Guerrero
that's this scene oh yeah no but the
rebellion goes and rescues jyn erso from
the jail cell so that she could tell
them where Saul Guerrero is yes I guess
Bodie already knows where Saul Guerrero
is but saw but Galen Urso sent Saul
Guerrero a hologram explaining the
Deathstar weakness right rich is falling
asleep and then so the rebellion rescues
jyn erso and says you know you got do
this thing I guess they threatened her
but what are they gonna do return her to
the Empire it's not very nice but
anyways so they rescue her to help them
find Saul Guerrero because Saul Guerrero
knows where Gale and or so is he tells
them that he's on the rainy planet and
they have to get Galen her so why does
anybody remember Josh I'm trying to Oh
Oh Mike I you know I didn't even
remember a character from this movie we
were she to best the worst recently and
Mike was quizzing me on characters he
was talking about the pilot it's like
who are you talking about I did not even
remember this person existed because
this movie doesn't really have a story
it just has a series of events and it
all feels like it should be a part of a
larger story or
or a back story that's told over the
opening crawl of another film right
there's not enough meat in here as its
own thing as you said Mike this should
have been like Ocean's eleven Ocean's
eleven in space yes yeah if you're
telling it an unnecessary story at least
make it fun or mission impossible right
Ocean's eleven is wonderful
those three films all three of them I
love them all yeah there's wonderful
little scenes in there where they're
there planning and training for their
heist you know and they they get the the
Chinese Acrobat as one of their team
members because he's a guy who could fit
through this thing and do a backflip
onto from one thing to the other and you
know everyone has their everyone has
their job oh my god it's fucking Peter
Cushing's corpus oh god see the CG
itself looks good the the distracting
part is the uncanny valley effect toward
like the mouth doesn't quite look right
and the eyes are dead I don't I don't
think he looks good he looks too
cartoonish yeah he looks better than
Jeff Bridges and Tron Legacy your point
this bad thing looks better than this
other bad thing every this this this
right here just took me directly out of
the frickin movie episode so off-putting
and distracting yeah well and also I
just think it's it's that's kind of a
creepy precedence like in a Star Wars
movie in 30 years are we gonna be doing
like a CG Mark Hamill like yep just cast
new actors it's not that's important to
be that dependent on on the past's cast
another actor yeah the Mon Mothma
example is perfect yes people would be
willing to accept that and it's fine
it's like I don't know and then they
made a point of saying does he made a
point of saying after Carrie Fisher died
that they were not going to have a CG
Carrie Fisher out of respect for her but
sick well how long is that gonna last
where's your fucking respect for Peter
Cushing exactly well he's an old weird
crazy British white guy start a movie
well there's there's like you know who
owns his image like can they just do
that well his estate does which is his
family
who got a giant check I guess they are
okay with it being in America it says it
says with special thanks to Peter
Cushing something something some kind of
lettering after it so his estate really
you have to get permission clearly oh
yeah and permission comes with with the
gigantic check that slid across the
table so yeah really it's like but I
think at this point it probably was okay
anyways maybe contracts now with actors
are like yeah we can do anything we want
in the future sign oh I think I heard
maybe it was around the time that this
came out because of the Peter Cushing
thing that that actors are starting to
put stuff in their contracts about for
these larger movie yeah that that have
stipulations about using their likeness
long after they're done yeah cuz I'm
sure like with Star Wars it's like yeah
you're like you sign your likeness away
for everything toys and video games yeah
and so when Peter Cushing signed his
contract in the 70s I'm sure it didn't
say they're just making this little
stupid space movie
I'm sure yeah it didn't there's no
thought about you know the fact that it
would still be going yeah did years
later digital recreation of you was not
in the contract but I'm sure Felicity
Jones and on these guys all signed
things that said digitally recreate my
corpse give me that check anyway here we
are on planet 6 of 12 okay all right um
where what I was about to say something
I don't remember what it was you gonna
talk about how bored you are
this is a first establishment that a
fucking Star Destroyer could just float
in the atmosphere a base at Hoth fucking
park that thing in front of their Shh
has anyone brought this up before dough
that's I'd never thought about that
couldn't you know what they could have
got shot by that big gun thing
they have big gun thing didn't they to
picking on Canada yeah we use it in this
film rich at the end don't you remember
if the Star Destroyer tried to land on
Hoth they would have shot up with the
iron why don't they shake the ion
cannons at the at-at walkers they didn't
decided to shoot down mic it was a
horrible blaring design flaw there's
lots of those in the Star Wars universe
alright we'll ignore this we'll ignore
this for now okay so here's our cameo by
George Lucas he's not wearing any pants
as he does took his shirt off it was a
little hot that day you know he's trying
to suck money out of him somehow
see they digitally aged him this is the
second Star Wars movie in a road to have
a giant Cthulhu slug monster yes I don't
know why that's becoming a trend but
this one sucks what's his name bode
sucks met his brain there's no real
reason such a memorable character it
doesn't it doesn't really lead to
anything right well Sol Guerrero says I
want to find out if you're lying or not
and I guess he I don't know if they ever
established whether or not he finds out
if he's telling the truth
I don't but he says the unfortunate side
effect of a ball gullet that's the name
of the monster they just said it is that
you will have brain damage and then and
then later when they're talking to Bodie
in the prison cell he's a little
confused okay and then five minutes
later he's fine so we have that whole
scene just for that oh hey look it's
these guys yeah it's our it's it's
something we remember its butt face it's
weird what they're willing to recast and
what they're not you
well I mean those guys are mostly makeup
but they did get the same but face back
that's the same actor oh really
yeah a little bobble Pandu Babu the same
guy in the mask I don't know I'm saying
that that's just what the guy looks like
and it's him
that was the goal of that joke but it
failed it did not land yeah so okay here
we are at what's that place called not
my size Lee Munson Kim no this is a
different planet and the the watch
yourself guy in butt face
they must have just beat it off this
planet immediately after they ran into
Jenner so they must have left here very
shortly thereafter because this planet
gets wiped out right
well not the whole planet technically
just the ancient city of Jedi Jeddah so
they got out of the city immediately
yeah and just went right to we found
another similar looking dusty nasty town
for the hangouts Leslie it's true Trier
World War two played by Donnie Yen who I
read something in like an interview with
him or something where he expressed
concern that the only reason he was
being cast that they wanted to cast him
in this was so they could get a bigger
opening in China like that was a concern
of his because he didn't want to be
treated like that like you know almost
exploited but I guess Gareth Edwards
convinced him that it would be more of a
character and there's more to him than
just that he was conned so he was conned
into being in Star Wars yes and then the
film flopped the film did not do well in
China
those Chinese are very picky what movies
do well in China the Transformers movie
wars and the Terminator Genisys oh yeah
that did pretty well yeah
so this movie's not dumb enough that's
the problem not that it's a smart movie
but it's just it's not as full of dumb
noisy action The Fast and the Furious
movies I've done well there oh sure
there's there's talk that this latest
one is like billion-dollar no cows yeah
that makes sense
yeah there's got to roll through with
this tank what these are Sagar arrows
guys that are that are like ambushing
this tank and GaN stormtroopers they're
there to steal Kyber crystals but if
they need them for that's what I was
wondering because they're transporting
Kyber crystals I guess up to go take up
on the Star Destroyer and then they show
them stealing them from the tank
shouldn't it be done en and his friend
stealing back the Kyber crystals since
there are protectors of them what look
we have to have a battle scene here
you're shoot space lasers at each other
it's about time for a bath it's about
time and it's a very exciting action
scene action scenes are always more
exciting when you don't care about any
of the people or what their goals are ya
have any idea what's happening I get
what's happening they're attacking the
stormtroopers who have a tank oh there's
a little crying child rich Generoso is
going to save her that shows that she
she's humane it shows that she cares
about people that was the only heroic
things you did in the film was that one
of the reshoots continued do something
that's not like horribly selfish or
awful this is a fine gritty shootout
sure but like every oh that's the thing
you can say all the action sequences in
this movie are fine they're all well
done but you just don't care the problem
with action scenes even though the best
actually scene in the world you need to
care about the people involved right
yeah or it's just noise right that's
that's that's moviemaking 101 and this
is an obnoxious noise like a
Transformers action scene you know this
is a fairly decent action this is
competent action um but yeah there's not
that there's not that connection to the
characters or the story to really suck
you in and make you give a shit like the
plight of these people I don't care
Ginny or so I don't care yeah
we have to care that they're getting the
plans to stop the super weapon I don't
care oh you don't I was I'm rooting for
the Empire no one's told me they're bad
yet you know they're bad because you've
seen Star Wars yes exactly
III this guy's bad to me because he
murdered a man but I guess something
something something Death Star like
there are there are no there is no black
and white it's not like Star Wars is
some kind of like fairytale fantasy
universe was just reiterated as a 12
year olds with a philosophy of black and
white morality it's not like that's what
this is well that's the weird thing too
is like people you know you say
something like that and I agree like and
I think that's why for all the force
awakens problems it's it feels like a
Star Wars movie and you kind of give a
shit
you actually like following these
characters around but the people that
are that like this movie and like that
there's it's a little you know more
ambiguous morally I guess like like why
do you want the Star Wars movie I'd
rather see something like an original
science fiction film like that mm-hmm
but when you shoehorn Star Wars into it
it just comes across weird and you have
like a goofy talking robot in the middle
of all this I don't I don't necessarily
blame them for trying because otherwise
otherwise with Star Wars then you're
just remaking the same shit over and
over again at least you're trying to do
something totally different
you know morally grey with with
what's-his-face you the guy yeah all
right yeah I don't know I really did
quite worked no it doesn't but I will
applaud the effort
in here this was another I think
stipulation was a dummy yen would get to
choreograph his own fight scenes or
should I say fight scene because he has
this awesome fight scene and then that's
it
he doesn't really do anything for the
rest of the movie it's such a shame well
at the end he goes and flips the control
panel oh yeah he walks he puts his faith
in the force and walks over to it
because his faith in the force is
severely lacking here yes you have to
but that's the thing is like if you you
maybe make him skeptical or something
and then that's his arc is that he he
it's I guess that's Luke lost his faith
after the empire took over there you go
and then he wants to get his face back
yeah BAM character development you could
have this wonderful scene where Donnie
Yen invites him into his little Hut to
hide and he tells him a story about how
he kicked a whole bunch of stormtroopers
ass
asses back in the day and you'd learn a
little bit about him and he talks they
have tea they have blue milk they blue
milk he introduced this is his lover
here he was he was selected to be an
apprentice the day that all the other
children were slaughtered at the Jedi
Temple most of them the infamous
slaughter of his slaughter yeah he
remembers when Darth Vader came and
killed everybody yeah yeah and he lost
his faith in the forest and now he's
just like miserable and jyn erso always
encourages him to have hope still there
Donnie Yen you just have to have faith
I've lost my faith long ago Jim Oh
instead he's just a badass the whole
movie until he just dies the little
little tiny touches that that are
literally coming out of our assholes
right now are so much better than what's
in the final film well the problem is
nothing's in the final film it's just a
series of events that happen mm-hmm but
and they look nice
he teaches his friend who was the big
gun to have faith in the force and his
friend with the big gun he uses that
faith to get killed by strong leaders to
be fair he does shoot two or three of
them and he wasn't doing that before he
believed in the forest he wasn't
shooting it at anybody he was he wasn't
mowing them down by the Dozen and didn't
happen in fact he was he was less
effective after he you know that's a
valuable lesson about faith anti force
anti force anti faith don't just don't
believe in anything
yeah you're just gonna die that's the
theme of this movie you might barely get
the job done in the end but I just
fucked anyway yeah just come along and
finish up okay well here now our cast of
lovable characters have been kidnapped
by Saul Guerrero I don't know why does
he know Jenna's with them he seemed
surprised though
when Jin's there he goes June June so
why did they kidnap them I don't care I
don't know why would Saul Guerrero bring
them to a secret den that guy's watching
porn he's watching the same porn that
the grandpa wookie is watching and the
holidays special there was the first
lesbian or gay character that walked by
the camera did you see that it's like
the sturdy ugly lady and she made like a
like look at didn't ya know so we
finally have our first gay character in
the Star Wars universe all right
although J you said you read somewhere
that Surratt and and Donnie Yen we're
supposed to be Donnie Anna's true and
this guy Hayes Bay's the AC the obeys
okay a lot of people think it's gonna be
Finn and Poe yeah yeah yeah but you read
that I thought I had read that that was
supposed to be the case but it's it's
sort of under the surface because
doesn't he's scared of you know putting
the gays in a more
prominent role or making it obvious so
maybe they'll do that with Finn and Poe
and they'll actually have it more overt
I don't know probably not because
they'll be scared too yeah yeah I don't
know that's it's just like such a such a
thing to deal with you want to be they
want to be so progressive and
enlightened and all that and then but
then at the same time you have you have
like just a massive audience that would
probably like be weird about it and
reject it well and then you got to deal
with other countries too like there was
the gay character in that Power Rangers
movie and they were like censoring it no
they weren't playing the movie in some
countries because of that even though
it's such a minor part of that movie and
it didn't even barely even spoken I
barely even yeah it barely shows up with
the movie at all but yeah I remember
reading I can't remember where but there
was at least one country that was like
we're not going to show the movie you
have to do it but you have to do it word
doesn't feel like pandering right right
yeah and I think I think we talked about
this before they did it in Independence
Day resurgence like fairly well oh with
brent Spiner yeah that was and they had
a like an emotional moment when the one
character died and it was like okay
whatever you know and you know things
are bad when you're pointing to
Independence Day resurgence as a
positive example of anything right right
so I don't know they have a scene where
Finn and Poe like kiss each other
I'd be fine with it I'm sure most people
would but we know the last Jedi is gonna
follow the Empire Strikes Back with its
story beats we don't know it's gonna be
Finn and Poe pose going into the
carbon-freezing
finally like yeah he says I love you
Finn comes out and just goes I love you
and then post is what so we only have
one gig here I know I know that the
first order is about to take you away
but now I just don't feel that way man
oh I've horribly misread our
relationship I've got I've got a wife
oh oh they just have this long like back
and forth while he's waiting to be
carbon frozen not so just staring like
which we do oh no I bet I've been trying
to get with Rey this whole time the fuck
oh oh wait we're missing the reunion of
our famed characters the reunion of our
characters that haven't really met and I
got confused the first time we saw this
because Jenner so at the very beginning
of the movie is put down in that
underground bunker thing correct and
then there's a part in this discussion
where Ginn says that Forest Whitaker
left her in that underground bunker and
it's like as they tear about the same
scene but apparently she just constantly
gets put in underground bunkers because
he's talking about a different incident
when she was older right soon when they
come with something different to have a
different way for him to abandon her so
you're not just the e to the opening
scene yeah apparently she she teamed up
with him at some point
I guess he raised her since she was a
little girl right that sounds like it
like an interesting backstory oh yeah I
wish I would have seen any of that she
joined his rebellion and at 16 he dumped
her because he was worried she would be
turned in by fellow rebels and used as a
bargaining chip she's a descendant of
the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Mike just
looks confused I'm familiar with the
show I've never seen it oh it's a fine
program she was kidnapped and forced
into a cult lived in a bunker for 15
years oh my Don Draper is like a crazy
cult leader okay anyways who at Disney
has the the tentacle porn fetish Bob
Iger is involved hi Kirk you got to put
another tentacle monster in there or is
it maybe it's Kathleen Kennedy oh she's
in charge of Lucasfilm really Bob iger's
in charge of Disney as a whole okay
was anybody here involved with that
monster trucks moving oh my god Kathleen
Kennedy was the executive producer
and how one of these props the
live-action perhaps can I take it home
with this is giant giant 8-foot rubber
thing with like 16 tentacles that's
really big and weird you want to take
this home yeah I don't know it's really
convenient that there's a window in
between these two cells or them to talk
so oh oh we see he brought the message
he brought the message about the Death
Star but Galen or so also sent a
hologram explaining everything except
for he just left out the important
detail of where to shoot the proton
torpedo yeah the thermal exhaust port
with the end of the trench it's pretty
simple just say that I always liked the
fact that something like the simplicity
of the original movie where they just
found the plans to stole the plan yeah
yeah and then like Leia says I hope we
could find a weakness or all this was
worth nothing you know
they literally don't know if there's a
weakness but really they do kind of at
this point yeah at least Mon Mothma does
because okay well maybe not because
everyone dies I don't really know maybe
yeah there was a designed weak point
right yeah after after the briefing she
was you know like horribly embarrassed
like holy that was design oh I didn't
know we went through all this trouble to
get these plans back I said we coulda
just phoned you and said you shooted the
exhaust part right I mean really well
Galen or so could have kind of mentioned
that to this holographic message
sure dad the exhaust port he says it'll
be fine
he says everything but what that I've
only got 10 minutes to record this
message literally the briefing scene in
a new hope is shorter and they have like
a less complicated graphic it's
and shoot up the hole there's like a to
deed two-dimensional graphic that just
shows a little circle you didn't know
that well the details don't really
matter I mean especially in what is
essentially a fantasy movie and this
entire movie exists I guess that's the
point of this movie it exists to explain
what some people call a plot hole even
though it's not a plot hole no but the
idea that the the Death Star has a
weakness like people always make fun of
that and I get it but the overconfidence
and overlooking the the simplest thing
oh they didn't think about the small
fighters right and it's about Luke using
you know letting go and using the force
to hit that tiny hole yeah
and here it's all like it's just a
technical like anyone you know probably
could have done it they could have sent
anyone on that mission it's not even
about Luke anymore yeah and if he was
designing a structural weakness why did
he make it so goddamn hard if he's such
a brilliant engineer why didn't he just
like like um you know just make a giant
target on the side of the Death Star's
or have a secret code like a
transmission like a super secret thing
like he sends it from a remote types in
a ten digit code and then sure it just
blows up well or why didn't he fucking
just die instead of making a super
weapon we're supposed to care for that
character he's like a fucking horrible
selfish monster
oh he's protecting his family you did a
real good job do you think somebody else
would have built it it really need like
that well if you want to get specific
the flying cartoon bugs from Attack of
the Clones designed the fucking Death
Star yeah what happened to that Jimmy
Smits is in this we're clearly still
Ganon I don't know they don't mention
the bugs no bugs bugs give the plans to
Count Dooku to build the Death Star the
bugs were ones they remember those
little tiny floating death stars
remember that white floating ones the
bugs designs of their ships were like
spherical and then they had like
diamonds on them that shoot lasers out
the clones
they're like spherical in nature so the
bugs like very design was Deathstar like
of all their ships hmm yeah that's
really stupid they're the ones that's
appropriate for the prequels I guess but
that's really dumb it's really on the
nose it's on the nose yeah but they're
the ones that gave the designs I guess
they they need a Galen to help like fill
in the details got a sphere we don't
know when we're gonna put in the sphere
of the bugs just told us to build a
giant sphere with a laser on it that's
all we got it's all we risked everything
for wait wait we're missing the dramatic
scene were forced Whittaker sacrifices
himself save the dream by that I mean
he's too lazy to run out of the room see
I think it's fine that we're nitpicking
details because this movie there's
nothing else to the movie this movies
about the detail yeah it's it's as the
Death Star plans in the first one we're
just part of the storyline yeah some
MacGuffin and we've got to get the
little thing to that thing yeah like you
said it's really about Luke's character
art exactly this it's it's we can make
fun of why Galen or so didn't say just
shoot a proton torpedo in the exhaust
port tell everybody quick tell everybody
the things active now hurry
yeah it's transmission out throughout
the whole universe yeah
well you can make jokes about how easy
it is to you know destroy the Death Star
in a new hope
like oh it's just this port that's it
and you make jokes about it but if that
doesn't kill the movie because there's
so much more to the movie yeah there's a
story outside of that and this just like
towards the end gets needlessly
complicated with the fact that you can
beam the plans they exist on a little
floppy disk but you can also bend them
you just need a giant satellite dish
because they're so complicated right
even though it's just a little little
map allogram but I guess you need a
gigantic satellite dish to beam them and
then they transmit them to all
ships but then they also have a copy of
it and then it just becomes confusing
and pointless and the fact that the
details of the plan it's just it's just
um it's just a statement you don't need
the plans yeah all you need is that
information that shoot a proton torpedo
and the thermal exhaust port at the end
of the trench right all you need to say
it's not like do this super complicated
thing it's just that
gallon or so just tell everybody send
out a space text group text the galaxy
oh by the way this thing's active do
this yeah but I guess the the Empire
could intercept that and then put up put
a door over the thermal exhaust port
it's a great like the redesign of the
exhaust port just has it like your
dangly turns certainly needs that
exhaust but then there's the question
also if the rebellion is able to analyze
the plans and find a weakness couldn't
the Empire also analyze the plans and
find a weakness they they didn't think
to put the great that's like what you
were saying to each other there the
arrogance of them yes they're not even
concerned with that I don't know if we
want to start talking about the fandom
at this point the Star Wars fans that I
don't think want to get into that well
what that this is fanservice the movie
its fanservice the movie but more so in
like the reaction like when we did not
give it a glowing review it was not just
I disagree with you guys I really
enjoyed it
there was a almost like cult-like
blowback to that where people were very
defensive to the point of treating it
like you were insulting their religion
Star Wars is basically a religion right
and that's a little creepy to me
Star Wars is a little creepy I'm gonna
say it
Star Wars is a little creepy yeah well
there was I mean there are some people
that were like oh you know you guys are
complaining about the fanservice in this
but you like the force awakens which is
like they're trying to make a legitimate
point I get it even though I like the
force awakens despite the fam service
that was certainly the weakest aspect of
that movie but this movie there is
nothing but fanservice as we've said the
I think I talked about this at some
point somewhere the guy who came up with
this idea was John Knoll yes the effects
guy for ILM and he's like you know he
pitches it to Kathleen Kennedy you know
who's now in charge of Lucasfilm and
then they kind of bounce it around and
everyone goes yeah and and you know
they're looking at it from from a
business standpoint like okay let's do
our first standalone film not about a
character but about just you know and
then we can have all these things that
from the original trilogy yeah and I
think they focused more on that I mean
but I think that's the problem if you
want to expand the Star Wars universe
and tell stories outside of the main
trilogy you got a you from a business
perspective I guess but that's what
makes us so uninteresting yeah you know
what it reminds me of and and I thought
of this after we did our half in the bag
episode and I don't know if you guys
have played role-playing games Dungeons
and Dragons not really it reminds me I
know you're talking about though like
where you form your your group of
characters that go on their quests right
yes this movie reminds me of a D&D;
campaign sure where you have a dungeon
master who runs the show who comes up
with just like a vague plot like you
you're going on a quest to find this and
all everyone plays a different character
and you just like go on a quest and like
you get into battles and you roll dice
and and then it ends yeah you have
obstacles along the way
yeah little challenges before your final
challenge yes final confrontation well
yeah I mean sometimes there's a
storyline sometimes it's like very weak
because I used to play dungeons dry
I'm an actual nerd you're not a poser
nerd No
so yeah the like where it's lacking
movie elements I mean there's some movie
elements that that it tries to shove in
there like like jyn erso and her
father's relationship right and how he
loves her but you'd have more of a
connection with if you had any scenes
between the two of them that mattered
right so it's like a it's like a
heartless nerd who's never felt human
emotion made this movie video
Dungeons and Dragons thing because you
are a heartless nerd you could say that
no no no actually I enjoyed the story
elements more of the Dungeons & Dragons
more than the technical details and feel
that I played with enjoyed getting all
the books and going most Kirk Toros
loosens and I enjoyed creating fun funny
interesting characters chair well
there's an interactive element to it
this you're just passively watching
these people do a thing right but the
point is is that this is it may look and
and sound and smell like a movie but
it's not really a movie yeah it has some
elements of movie in there guarantor
shows on the planet with his engineers
and they're doing something and the
rebellion sends Cassie an end or to
assassinate Galen or so okay okay
why does didn't think they're going just
to rescue him I don't know I know she
doesn't think that they're gonna kill
him right cuz that's a big secret that
comes out and she's bad at the mad at
Cassie and Endor for cuz she's like you
lied to me maybe they think they're
gonna go rescue him I just I simply
don't remember I think they think
they're gonna grab him back from the
empire and take him back cuz he's gonna
tell them all about the Death Star then
I think that's what's gonna happen which
makes more sense than killing him from
the rebellions perspective right
wouldn't you want to just kidnap him and
bring him back tell us all the secrets
about the Death Star yes
yeah but you know he already built the
damn thing like what good is killing
I'm gonna do now it's true oh maybe they
don't know it's done I don't know all I
know is there's a cool-ass part where
x-rays come and bullshit up and that's
coming up soon
so don't worry too much about the plot
Ridge blow things up why do they need an
end or to shoot I said don't worry about
the detail there's a badass action seat
coming up so shut up see they're all
waiting around hey in the background
that's when we see low blow oh look blow
blow on the left rich did you see low
blow blow blow and later on he makes an
appearance as the guy who's who's
driving the hammerhead Corvette that
crashes into the Star Destroyer low blow
we've recruited you for your amazing
ability to crash things to other things
I've waited my whole life for this
moment
he's holding the controls you ever been
cool if the group they got the death
star plans on accident their group of
space smugglers they don't realize what
they have yeah like I know what happens
in guardians of the galaxy all right I
don't remember what seals that thing at
the beginning yeah yeah yeah something
like that yeah it becomes like a larger
thing like Firefly that crew they're all
like smugglers
yeah and they get the plants to the
duster and they realize what it is and
the umpires coming for ya and at first
they just want to sell it or something I
guess we're just talking about guardians
of the galaxy no at first they want to
sell it but then they start to get more
emotionally invested in helping out the
rebellion I don't remember what happened
in guardians a galaxy I just remembered
I liked it I remember the plot it's
solid surreal it's got it's got a
wonderful characters with backstories
and you care about them like a movie you
don't care about guy machine gun just a
machine again I said machine no no these
scenes here were guest directed by Zack
Snyder
everything takes place at night in the
rain no this was this was this city and
the scene had to be analyzed by a
committee that that said there are too
many too many warm colors and there you
go there's a desert and a tropical
planet and for visual variety in the
trailer and marketing advertisements we
needed a rainy dark plan okay with this
this was the scene when seen this in the
theater where I think I just kind of
completely gave up on the movie I was
like we see Galen or so I was like oh
it's her dad okay like I know this is
supposed to be like an emotional
connection scene and I was just I was so
out of the movie by that point look at
how nice this all looks though I know
such a shame
oh okay so so Cassie and Anders mission
is to shoot Galen herself and he jinjin
gets mad at him later because they used
her to take them to Saul Guerrero so
that Saul Guerrero could tell him where
Galen or so is what this is what's
happening so that that casseon was
secret right you know he's he's good guy
but he's a secret bad guy what he's
gonna Sasson a Galen herself but they're
a little late on it because he's already
finished the Death Star yes
what that star do you remember of the
deaths / here's all the poor that's the
thing not the story that's the things
that are happening in the movie that's
the big ball that destroys planets it's
very important to the Star Wars universe
rich why why can't we get away from the
Death Star
well hopefully we are away from it at
this point is you really can't I mean
Force awakens was like really again but
you can't do it again now after being
blown up three times how can the
audience still take the Death Star
seriously
yeah and yeah that thing at the end of
the force awakens was a dead star yeah
basically like I think I have another
one of those show up what are they gonna
blow up at the end of the new trilogy I
know well the the you're speaking to a
broader problem of big movie ending big
big spectacle the theater movies yes
well that's it's like that's the Death
Star and I was kind of the equivalent of
the blue laser shooting up into the sky
and all the comic-book movies yeah it's
diminishing returns it's like it's the
big trip that we took care of it's a big
right time you see you know third or
fourth time what do you give a shit
anymore
yeah well I'm really interested to see
what happens in this next Star Wars film
it's gonna be exactly like Empire she
Cassie and Andorra says everybody stay
on the ship I'm gonna go check things
out you know air quotes around check
things out and then there were oh you
know what I think she's going to rescue
her father because that robot k2k to be
too he he's like Cassie and and oh did
have the sniper configuration on his
rifle okay and so I think she realized
that he was gonna go shoot him now okay
so she's trying to warn him
maybe this changes everything now I love
this movie okay so here here director
critic says someone betrayed the empire
by sending Oh by telling telling Bodhi
about the Death Star to send a message
back to the rebellion that they built a
Death Star I think he knows that it's
Galen or so right probably he suspects
but and then when Galen confesses he
executes all the engineers anyway it
doesn't make any sense at all it doesn't
really matter who did it what if you
have a problem with the Death Star
oh oh this isn't working right how he
shot all our engineers the Emperor calls
up the credit guess we had a problem
with the laser could you please have the
engineers come to take a look at it oh
I'm sorry
executed them all so I could look like a
badass we're having engine problems
nobody knows it's just floating there
it's like a moon just replace your oven
I turn the steering wheel left it
doesn't turn it's incredibly frustrating
everyone's very dizzy that's like the
Gravitron it is a carnival when the
Duster breaks down you gotta call
quadruple a problem that big yeah yeah
those why do they have to execute all
those engineers what was the point of
that
guys because they're bad yeah these are
some some bad hombres and why does some
bad Humphries and why does director
chronic get his own personal security
force of death troopers when Darth Vader
only got stormtroopers
now they called death troopers they are
they are that's just as personal like
like entourage now I guess Vader's too
too badass and tough to need anything
really
Oh No something's happening yeah but but
damn all this stuff looks great doesn't
it it does not necessarily this stuff I
don't like this planet with the it's
just a kind of ugly yeah it's just ugly
but I mean in general like the effects
are great the all the ships look
wonderful if only we cared we haven't
had the tropical planet yet and a Star
Wars universe and now we have and it
kind of makes sense you know this is an
ugly planet that's where you do your
refinery and and ugly stuff and if
you're gonna have a nice if you're gonna
have a place to store all your data
files do it on a tropical paradise why
not they're gonna need a methane
everybody needs like masks called the
fur planet steak so far part two gastro
five wait here Donnie Yen does another
amazing force thing he senses where
tie-fighter is which adds to his arc of
doing amazing force things until he dies
would be great what if he did something
like that at the beginning of the movie
and that's what makes him lose his faith
in doing this stuff
I like our backstory about him being the
Kyber crystal guy and my almost being a
Jedi but then becoming disillusioned
that's that's that's some good
characterization out there yeah but how
about a movie where everyone's just a
badass well what's what's jyn erso is
arc in this movie um well let me think
she finds her father oh that's a that's
an arc yeah apparently okay
my fear is I mean I guess this this movie
took it in a slightly different
direction but the the big spectacle
movie template oh sure
is is the lack of probably the lack of
willingness to stray too far away from
things we know the things we recognize
and the big big endings of that every
movie has is just getting tiresome but
even this movie which is supposed to be
a smaller Side Story still has the giant
space battle ending right I I would have
liked this more if it was more of an
intimate small-scale story yeah
maybe we're aware of the space battles
going on or maybe there isn't even a
space battle but it's just focused on
these people yeah a heist movie where
they they infiltrate the Death Star or
sneak around find the plans and yes I
mean really happens at the end or
something really small well now she's
motivated to find the plans for the
Death Star for no reason other than it's
bad she wanted to live but she didn't
okay yeah he's dead okay wait
stormtroopers even wear armor this movie
does continue the trend of stormtroopers
being basically useless yeah so at least
there's continuity there because it
looks cool I know rich I know you know
I'd be okay if it also protected against
Twiggs
but I've seen return you can also get
killed by falling down the robot picks
up a stormtrooper and throws him on top
of another one and they they just die
because they fell down and then Jin hits
one in the helmet with a stick with like
a little nightstick yeah yeah like they
died like this
that's like why you wear a helmet I mean
that that's what a helmets designed to
like protect you from yeah
yeah you're thinking in earth terms
though this is this is out in space
somewhere maybe they have different
motivations it's a space stick so
they're off of that planet now we're
almost ready when keeping track we're
almost halfway through the movie pretty
good why does she have the same
essential backstory as raid yeah that's
the only way to make an empowered female
character rich every other girl in the
galaxy in the Star Wars universe that's
raised by normal family it just becomes
like a housewife so that's the only way
for for women to be empowered to do
something a little bit more different
with you know the movie that takes place
right you're the first one to come out
yeah you-jin should have been like mon
mothma z-- daughter who is like spoiled
by the rebellion and just doesn't really
do anything and then suddenly just grew
up like surrounded by that stuff yet
doesn't really care and then just like
you know goes rogue on her own and
decides to go and find the plans to the
Death Star because she she has a
character change wouldn't that have been
interesting she's like like a pampered
princess kind of girl okay and never
really got dirty yeah with the business
of the rebellion and meets kasi Nanda
who's like this like like dirty bad guy
kind of rebel character who falls in
love and he goes come on Jim
steal steal this ship with me we're good
to go get the plans for the distant yes
fuck Mothma here you know and then you
do the thing where she has to fire a gun
and she doesn't know how and he trains
her and then she becomes a badass she be
like that we want to have amazing scenes
like this
Oh scenes that make you fall asleep
Drury scenes with everyone looking
miserable on a ship oh wait we're going
what's the name of this planet the Darth
Vader planet uh this is oh shit I can't
remember Revenge of the Sith yeah it is
the point it is supposed to be the
planet from Revenge of the Sith although
they don't they don't say what planet
this is they don't credit it every other
fucking planet yes they do and not this
one for some reason all said what yes
yes and this is Darth Vader's secret
lava castle they're just silly did you
ever imagine Darth Vader living in a
lava castle it is based on artwork by
Ralph McQuarrie for Vader's lair in
Empire if I were Vader the last thing I
ever want to see again is lava yeah no
shit and this shot here was in the
fucking trailer and I thought was gonna
be the Emperor
because you see the Imperial Guards
there yeah oh it's just a guy but it's
just it's a trick it's the doorman
trailers you're an actor man that's what
you want to do with your movie trailers
does he want to deceive the audience you
want to make them think that things are
going to be in the movie that aren't in
there which is why in the case of this
movie they shot so many things
specifically for the trailer with no
intention of putting it in the film
right that's that's it's very good to to
trick your audience
direct all clear there's some woman that
was that tried to sue Warner Brothers
because there wasn't as much Jared Leto
in Suicide Squad as it was advertised I
think you'd have more of a case to sue
this movie yeah all that shit
yeah what what is all of that shit by
the way well there's a shot of her
standing in a hallway jyn erso yes and
like the camera dollies in on her and
that is that they just shot for the
trailer like before lunch or something
right it wasn't that the idea of like
there's a shot where she kind of turns
and looks over his shoulder yeah what
happened was was that somebody had they
were just rolling the camera and
somebody flipped the lights on they were
getting ready to shoot something they
flipped the lights and all the lights
came on okay and that was her out of
character just kind of looking over her
shoulder going what what are we doing
now and then somebody saw it when they
screened dailies and said hey that's
pretty cool it looks like she's looking
like a badass and the lights are coming
on let's use that in the trailer so it's
just like footage yeah that and you know
there's a lot of like oh my god
Halloween costume it that helmet looks
like it's made of CGI because it's too
clean it's it that's that's the mask
meets the cape that looks funky to me
yes which does it look like that in a
new hope I want to say that there they
probably went through the trouble of
making it look as close to a new hope as
possible yeah but in a in a contemporary
movie it looks weird yeah yeah I want to
say they hid that that masks neck in the
later films yeah later films when they
had the budget and the time yeah but
they made better yeah like oh like
details on Vader's costume changed
throughout the three films like his
little control panel on his chest the
sessions were different yeah you know
what it doesn't matter no we don't need
to slavishly recreate exactly how the
costume looked in a new hope
oh and everyone gave this this line a
lot of shit it's terrible but it's like
this kind of like a minor problem in the
grad scope of this movie and it's like
who cares oh yeah I don't care that
Vader made a pun they really needed to
explain though why Darth Vader sounds
like like a 90 year old man in this yeah
he sounds a little like tired yeah
well them's the breaks
this film doesn't even need Darth Vader
yeah why is she at this meeting
why is she front and center at this
meeting because now she cares why do
they care they're deciding whether or
not this is the opportunity or the
moment to try and stop the empire for
with their giant super weapon hmm
should we try and do that should is that
the the conflict yeah as opposed to not
try and stop them yeah and then I think
they all unanimously agreed to not try
and stop it
and then June or so rebels against the
rebellion yes and they go rogue yeah
that's the name of the film rogue one
because they're gone rogue against the
rebellion and then once they find out
that they've gone rogue they go oh okay
let's just help him let's just help them
great not to and what's the fucking
point of having a meeting mon mothma
and its are like okay well my life bar
is gone gone AWOL - calamari flew well
fuck it let's go and then all these
other pussies they they don't they don't
do anything until they do right are all
Mon Calamari Admirals they were gonna
every single one of them they were gonna
have that be a black bar rich but at the
last minute they changed because yeah
that rock bar was just in the force
awakens haha to bring back that
character again made dagger died though
- right
after the note awakens oh oh the guy you
play yeah I think he did yeah right
after all that's yeah it sounds just
like these sad they all sound the same I
do know that yeah I guess he was
probably pretty old I'm assuming oh
what's happening now drab depressing
oh yeah no matter what happens in the
movie it's it's got to get to that that
one point like they get the plans which
we already know we're a well-constructed
movie movie narrative where you take out
a scene the movie completely falls apart
right well you know that's what they say
aside from introducing these individual
characters like you kind of need those
moments I guess because otherwise you'd
be like it was this blind guy not sure
that's about it I mean there's no sort
of story progression really no they go
well just go from one place to another
place yeah where they're told to go to
another place and then they go there
even finding Galen or so and him
subsequently dying the most easily
credible thing has no impact if it was
Galen or so like going to send some
important piece of information and then
chronic shows up and he dies and he
isn't able to do that and then they have
to do that or something that has a
consequence you need something to happen
because that happened something else has
to happen yes and and really they could
have gone from jeddah straight to the
rebel base here and skip that whole part
in the middle when they go to the rainy
planet right because what but that's
where the emotional core is oh right in
and her dad Jen could have gotten the
hologram message here fuck it yeah none
of it matters oh there he goes
everything we've done would have been
for nothing
that's true that's the truest line in
the movie
well so great Jay it's so gritty and
finally Jay finally I can take Star Wars
seriously okay so the rebellion works
pretty sloppy then huh yeah they have
the kind of impromptu kind of kind of
laid-back meeting around just kind of
yells things over from the Jedi hippie
meetings there you go troops there
I guess Mon Mothma is the one that's in
charge because everyone says we vote we
should surrender I vote we should fight
and Mon Mothma makes the final call and
then everyone just does whatever they
want she's not very imposing figure they
should have that old white guy with the
beard or a black bar our goal now that's
a voice he takes seriously yes yes
Monmouth was more like a therapist
breathe
it's laughter she just said may the
force be with us and said scattered
applause and laughter yeah oh yeah we're
watching this with subtitles on for
anyone wondering what you're talking
about
that was the reaction in the theater
when the movie was over - so okay there
yeah they go to the base when they have
some I don't even know if it's their
plan cuz they land they have a secret
code that that bori knows to get into
the shield because the planet has a
space ball shield around it they don't
have a plan they come up with it on the
way there and then like oh I thought the
whole point of media wasn't a good heist
movies yeah I was gonna say I thought
the point of this movie is that they
have some sort of clever plan to get the
Death Star plans no they just kind of
show up they'll and they're having a
plan and a heist is not important what's
important is that Star Wars is gritty
now and it's finally okay to take Star
Wars series this is where Jimmy Smith
says he's gonna go to Alderaan and
everyone in the audience goes no no this
is where they talk about obi-wan Kenobi
let's go get it will be one obi-wan sigh
for what
Monmouth might now do you need Obi Wan's
help cuz the dumb fall is coming you
haven't needed him any time in the last
20 years rich they have a giant space
weapon and it's serious business now but
that's when Jimmy Smits and Mon Mothma
are secretly conspiring to do the work
of the rebellion against the council
only ones probably really old right now
yeah yeah but he's gonna help them
somehow I mean even see was 40 last time
we saw him so he's probably like 85 now
that's true 20 years later okay so
here's a tense part where they have a
secret code and then then they go and
the code works
Oh Oh that's what happens no one at any
point says once we land the spaceship
what are we gonna do well we find out
when they land the spaceship the guy
comes out who's in an imperial uniform
who who has the exact same size and and
costume size as diego luna and a little
little pilot character but the sticks
comes out and a robot that looks just
like k2s oh come on you know you know
what happened there on the landing they
had this they have this plane you're
talking about where they're gonna where
they're gonna like you know beat up two
guys and take their uniforms and then
you know the two of us with the robot
we're gonna sneak into the base yeah but
what are these 40 other guys we brought
with us got a whole army man yeah let's
just em blow shit up over there
thank you him that is like busywork
Jenna and Cassie and have this like
awkward conversation you know we can
just do this ourselves
but these costumes it's gonna be super
easy I gave these guys the speech where
the rebels rebels they're all good
they're all dumb it's down to just like
the 40 of us and they all came here
because it'd be really awkward and they
don't do anything they're all pumped to
like sacrifice themselves for the cause
why don't they just wait on the ship
then when we got the plans I'll just
quietly take off they're all hyped up
our whole day and we brought all these
bombs and everything well I guess just
tell them to plant the bombs everywhere
maybe we don't have to detonate them
because now that we have the costumes we
can just take the plans secret they're
waiting so we set the bombs off they
want to start shooting they just start
setting the bombs off cause they're
getting bored yeah all right
set the bombs off I guess it's gonna
blow our fucking cover just just do it
make them happy I guess maybe
some kind I know a divorce or some I
don't mad look at that old guy he's so
old he's ready just to die for a cause
you can't send him back to his wife and
kids
they've no idea we're coming they have
no reason to expect us so let's blow
them up
all right everybody put on your Normandy
hats it'll make you feel super cool it
won't do any good against my laser blast
to the chest but just wear the helmets
it's less than what the stormtroopers
have and you see how useful that armor
is wait she said that's their plan we'll
find a way to find them did cassian and
I will go find the dust our plans oh
wait yeah once you get to the base light
up the place all right make 10 men feel
like a hundred oh and get those troopers
away from us well then those troopers
that don't know we're there they won't
be after you if you're wearing costumes
yeah well I guess at this point they
don't know that they're going to
conveniently get costumes yeah so which
means that they had even less of a plan
they don't know that before they landed
they don't know that three characters
will come out of the base with their
exact height dimensions yes why that's
just fucking perfect coincidence you you
would think then once they get these
costumes on they'd go back in the ship
and be like all right guys don't go out
and shoot anyone forget about that we
got a better plant out
and you got to stormtrooper uniforms
there I would say secretly one at a time
guys go out and get a stormtrooper
costume and bring it back here's one for
you Joe and then you can walk around and
do secret things that shut down the base
yeah make them escape easier oh wait no
then you can't have a giant battle like
a really like a really like a super
gritty battle super greedy because it
were super super gritty battle I could
finally take Star Wars seriously you
only have to get to the super gritty
battle if if you're well orchestrated
plan starts to slowly fall apart right
not because you just do it
yeah well that that goes along with what
you were saying earlier about the
problem in this movie is that it just
sort of has things kind of happen and
you just dropping elements you can take
some out it wouldn't make any difference
or it's just like I get yeah just drop
in that they're all we have to have
everybody fighting mmm that's our that's
what we're storyboarding our action
scenes so just know we don't even give
her a good reason they just start
fighting the we have to have everyone
fighting is the Star Wars d-day movie
where yeah we have to attack this base
and give it everything we've got
in full force then you can just have
your action movie don't make a heist
movie and how not have a heist yeah
because there's like one of the cut
things was originally the the plans were
in this thing we're in a different
building than the the tower with the the
satellite dish on the top right so at
some point in an earlier cut of the
movie gin and caffeine and or had to run
across the beach oh god more scenes of
characters going from one place to
another and so to get to the other
building to now transmit it all that's
clunky you see the shot in here where
it's true route and bays and they're
kind of running and you see the the
addit walkers and the distance shooting
at them he's running and it's that shot
you see in the tree
it's extended in the trailer when you
see Cassie and engine running and it
kind of awkwardly cuts off and then
there's a shot later there's a shot in
the trailer which shows director chronic
walking through the water on the beach
and now a shot in here where it's his
ship with his death troopers and it
starts to land and the door opens and
the dust troopers come out and then it
awkwardly cuts before it gets the really
he comes out yeah you'll see it where it
feels like oh we have this shot where
cranek lands and it's pretty cool let's
just use half of it huh and just
randomly insert it into a battle it
doesn't make any sense well who needs
who needs a story no just just
indiscriminately cut a bunch of shots
together and that's the thing is all
this action stuff is all like pointless
filler
yeah between in between them them
hoisting the Death Star plans for people
who like this movie it's the point yeah
yeah well that's the problem is like out
like we said all this looks great
and the action is well executed but it's
just in service of nothing it's a fan
film yeah
well that once they lands on this planet
that's when the action kind of kicks in
and that's when like if that was the
whole thing and it was just like a fan
film and it was like 45 minutes long I
think that was a really well-done fan
film yeah I wouldn't care about the fact
that I don't give a shit about any of
these characters fan films are called
fan films because they're made by fans
who like the stuff yeah it's like
whenever you see that's that's why
everybody's first aftereffects
training is to do a lightsaber fight
everybody does that and there's a
million fan films where two guys with
lightsabers fight each other yeah cool
location and then it ends yes I don't
know if there is a fan film that just
tells a Star Wars story indulging and
all the in the world make it make it a
45 minute short on the Star Wars website
when you sign up a subscription there
you go
now here's here's the where the robot
tells them 89 stormtroopers are in their
path and how does he know what what is
how does he know they'll get killed like
there there ain't room he knows the
probability that they'll get killed
because he knows the probability that
they'll get recognized in their costumes
he just didn't elaborate on that part oh
and what factors does he used robot
factors because he's a robot that knows
statistics it's just it's just a piece
of hackneyed non logic to have them set
off the bombs yeah and the bombs look
like they're strategically placed around
here like this to make it look like they
have some kind of plan we load it up I
don't know why diverting troops or
something oh my god we've just drawn so
much attention to ourselves
now here's where shit just totally
straight up looks like the Death Star
you can even have the Death Star droid
the Baron
oh wow they thank God they diverted all
of those stormtroopers who just walked
right by them because they're in a
disguise that's true that's true yeah
they didn't even notice them it's like
they're wearing costumes that made them
look like they're a part of the Empire
and they have a special Empire robot who
just downloaded plans and couldn't
really get them into anywhere but yeah
that I don't know what it is I mean you
can say that the Empire their
architecture all looks similar of how
they build their stations and whatever
but that shit is straight up the Death
Star I'm just gonna say it
so the speculation is that at some point
look at it look at it I know that at
some point when they were building the
sets or at least designing them that
this was supposed to
place on the Death Star oh absolutely I
I would I would bet that that's the same
little control panel where Han speaks
into it and yeah everything's fine up
here how are you what's your what's your
ID number you know he shoots it boring
conversation anyway right it's that same
exact things you're talking about her
fun that's a fun sequence and there's a
point to it they're actually
accomplishing something uh-oh Admiral
Radice has gone rogue he's going to
fight I guess we all right I guess okay
wasn't I in charge no my best friend
okay I set up for a video game it was a
very nice very nice of the Empire to
conveniently and evenly scatter out all
those things they hide behind they're
giving them us a set for their for their
video game to take place in is what that
is
oh look it was those two r2d2 and c3po
cameo yeah hurry up you gotta get on the
ship before Episode four starts in 15
minutes
yeah why have them there why why if
you're gonna have a cameo with r2d2 and
c3po have it on the ship that Princess
Leia is on because they're on that ship
maybe maybe those are just two robots
that happen to look exactly like c-3po
and r2d2 it's very possible and sound
just like c-3po
that's the pre-programmed robot voice my
guess is that they shot that before they
added all the stupid Princess Leia cords
yes I I don't think I think that whole
ending that we'll get to which people
seem to love you even though it's
embarrassing and terrible I think that's
all a part of the reshoots I think it
would have to be yeah yeah somebody said
where as where why don't we have Darth
Vader and this yeah why don't we have
let's have this go right up to the
moment that a new hope starts so it's
nice and clear so it's nice and clean
and not terrible at all and here we have
a badass reveal instead of I'm just
showing up we have to have this badass
shot of it coming through the fog yep
mm-hmm
because I remember how badass those
things were yeah yeah when they're
introduced an empire they're just
they're yeah they're just a they're just
a part of the battle this is this Star
Wars porn at its finest yeah that's very
JJ Abrams the way they come out of hyper
speed like that
it wasn't their thing in Empire so and
so Admiral came out of Lightspeed too
early and their detected them
approaching that's why the rebels were
able to put their shields up in time
that's why he got choked by Vader
that's definitely it's so-and-so brought
us out of Lightspeed too early
Coleman scan has detected an energy
field around you know and then they
that's what Vader chokes that one guy
and kills him so really the Empire could
have just finished yeah right right in
front of Hoth
within a millisecond and started bomb
bombarding the greatest empire rich it's
it's so fucking great it's so great that
it's it's propped up Star Wars for the
last 40 years when when after choking
fucking every fucking Admiral in that
movie at the end Vader Vader just it
doesn't have it in last night this walks
off yeah but this movie has more action
yes invaders more badass in this because
he cuts people up with the lightsaber
and that makes him more intimidating
than someone who can just get a bunch of
people to do his work for him and then
just casually stroll in afterwards it's
more badass if he just chops everybody
apart like a horror movie villain says
more about his character mm-hmm
absolutely Jay absolutely
Oh God see the rebel fleet showing up
without planning it fucked their plan up
because they they would have had that
shield open and they could have just got
on their ship and left yeah
and now they can't even transmit the
plans through cuz they closed the shield
announced another just like fucked all
around the fuck is admiral ackbar we
need why don't we wait out more Radice
is a little more impulsive is that that
carries named Admiral Radice yeah why do
you think I'm so wary of traps wait it's
coming up okay brothers always talking
about your abs yeah it's a trap here
he's a bad idea
it could be secretly covert we're just
gonna fuck it all up from I guess that's
what happens when you don't like work
together maybe this is a movie about
teamwork
they had this movie about the importance
of teamwork the important follow our
examples yes exactly
everyone all everyone unanimously agreed
not to to deal with the Death Star
problem and to hide yes and half of them
decided to not do that and then while
they were doing it the other half of
that half decided to to help when the
and fucked everything else yeah he
didn't know they were coming and so it's
three different opinions all working
together so he makes me root for the
Empire yeah the Empire shit together
everything's clean yeah yeah nobody
looks like they need a bath but but damn
do all the special effects and sets and
costumes and characters look great all
the space battle stuff is wonderful
I always like even though none of our
main characters aside from Lando are in
the space battle at the end of Jedi I
always thought like the execution of
that and whole sequence is really great
and this tops it it tops it only in the
technical ability yeah yeah that's what
I'm talking about there's a certain flow
and and greatness to the end of Jedi
like just specifically we don't need to
see too much just and then that was
limitation yeah it's just like here's a
couple of things that the whole shot
right there not that not this shot but
the x-wings flew around and shot at a
leg of a thing that right and then it
just ended and we cut away what that
wasn't necessary sure it was just like
oh here's a thing that's happening
outside Oh
for some reason there's handles yeah
it's fine it's like a claw machine you
you know they use it maybe that's like a
what you would call clean room in there
and side with gets the handles takes the
thing out but then oh then yeah this
happens I think I just want to know I
just want to know what the fuck they're
storing on that thing the Death Star
plans think they fit in like a little
thing oh um size thing that that thing's
the size of a building they got a lot of
stuff in there
yeah the Death Star plans are plans for
some complicated machine the size of a
fucking moon yeah what else are they
storing detailed plans for like the
entire universe let's say they have
Disney's plans for future Star Wars
movies and all of James Cameron's plans
for future avatar film right it's the
Emperor's porn collects right I can't
wait till James Cameron has avatar to go
head-to-head with a Star Wars movie no
he'll do it too because he's a shuriken
fuck sure until that day yeah by the
time avatar two comes out everyone that
embarrassingly dressed up like a Navi
we'll be like like have kids a real job
yes their frontal coma
do you remember 15 years ago and thought
we were not abused
do you want to do oh never mind yeah
yeah that was so embarrassing me he
should have made the sequel like a year
later I would have gone to see it yeah
but now I'm deeply embarrassed those
photos I would just love if avatar to
just Bob I I think there's a possibility
that it will and he's got six films
planned shooting at one time yeah are
you saying it's gonna be like the
Titanic you know it's gonna bomb avatar
to like Titanic it's a tendon bomb it's
song not the movie I'm talking about
like the ship I know the ship song it
wasn't like it didn't sink the ship so
you should have said sink and not bomb
and it would have made sense yeah they
hit an iceberg rich there was no
explosion I don't know if he was aware
of this I think the the the joke Center
which is brain is not functioning
he needs a lobotomy did you know though
that the Titanic was a real thing oh
yeah that that naturally happened really
happened you knew that no oh wait
this is the exciting scene where he has
to plug the thing in the thing it gets
caught briefly it gets caught briefly
until it no longer is called we've got
to get those just our play it's exactly
like the end of Back to the Future when
when Doc Brown has to go climb up on the
clock ever seemed I seem to recall there
being consequences in that movie though
- that not happening you know what's
gonna happen if he doesn't plug the
thing into the thing here it won't be
all the transport the Death Star plans
because it needs to all these things
come in just the right way or it won't
transmit but at this point they they
don't even have the dust our plans it's
not like they're they're hitting the
button to send yeah they have they have
just an immediacy yeah there's no
it's like oh my thing is caught I'll
just get it on cotton like with Doc
Brown I marty was driving the car yes
and down to the last second they knew
the second of the Lightning would strike
and and he had to connect that cord or
else marty was stuck in 1955 yeah but
this action scene is very gritty and I
can finally take Star Wars seriously
that's true that's true
yeah they don't even have the plans yet
he's already hooking the cable up to
transmit them they don't even have them
so I really don't feel much tension his
mild minor complication of before oh no
he's got a run back 20 feet to unhook it
from that dead barrel oh no it's gonna
take approximately 15 seconds to get
some more slack on that cable and the
only likeable character is dead yeah
here's here's the part of the movie
where all the characters start to die in
one after the other and this is where
you realize where they're going yeah
well that's the first death I know now
well actually it's after Cassie and his
death that's when it's like knocking him
off one by one
yeah and quick solution yeah here's a
fake-out death first
mr. it comes back and just shoots
chronic there's no that's how you solve
all the problems in this movie there's
no sort of clever you know way out it's
just everybody shoots I love at the end
chronic it confronts gin any and he goes
who are you and she goes you know no
there's like an awkward pause and she
goes I am gala nurse OHS daughter and
it's like what it's supposed to go who
are you
and then she says you know and then
chronic goes your gala nurses done yeah
she has to tell him because he really
just does not give a fuck and then and
then you think there's gonna be some
sort of thing like you killed my father
you know you're a monster blah blah blah
you must atone for all this damage
you're gonna do with the super weapon
but then he just gets shot
like a seeing a falls down and then the
movie ends and all the children in the
theater cry yes yeah this needed a
ticking clock that's like the easiest
thing to throw into a film they need a
ticking clock I was thinking about
what's in the x-wings fly around oh sing
about force awakens for a second and
there's a ticking clock I mean there is
at the end of a new hope it's like okay
the things gonna be fully charged once
it drains all the power from the Sun
then once it does that it's gonna blow
up the planet we're on it's very
familiar it's just a little bit just a
little bit but it's a ticking clock
right and then that it's the easiest
element to throw in there but Mike the
force awakens is the worst movie ever
made it's worse than the prequels how
about this because it's just like here's
the shot this is chronic events so
credit comes off of yeah okay awkwardly
cut so now it's just a shot gets in
there's no reason that's in there for no
reason chronics death troopers decide to
land on the beach and start fighting for
no reason but anyway how about this
rebels the rebel fleet comes in and
shoots at that the shield generator
thing and temporarily disables it to
wear the shield is open the Empire kind
of fixes it and the shields slowly close
oh yeah fuck the satellite dish and
everything would they look up and they
see a little schematic that on a screen
that says the shield hole is closing we
have X amount of time to really see it
because it's where they see it up in the
sky heads yeah whatever
so they I have the plans in my hand we
have to run through this battle to get
to spaceship Y and climb on board and
get up into the sky and fly through that
hole before closes once it closes we're
fucked the rebel fleet left the card
raped us much more this we gotta get out
of here and then now they're left all
alone on the beach and they got to get
to the spaceship to get through the
space hole before closes I'll just shut
that out and it's probably a little more
exciting and tense and heart-pounding
sure then absolutely nothing then
everybody's hiss flying around but just
everyone's flying around shooting at
each other yeah
Oh Oh she almost dropped it oh that oh
it was mildly stocky
oh I was scared for a moment that she
would have dropped those Death Star
plans even the sliding door a fucking
Death Star fuck you fuck this movie so
much cleverness it should have come up
with a way where like the claws didn't
work and they had to find a different
way to get it out of the thing instead
of just like brute force just jumping on
the thing and pulling it out and it's
just so dumb why didn't they get whoever
wrote the Mission Impossible scripts to
write the script for this film did
Gareth Edwards write this I don't think
so did I guess nobody really wrote it
sort of a roomful of people came up with
ideas and then somebody physically
jotted them down yeah one with the force
and the force is with me so in the
original cut because I saw those death
troopers they're so chronic is probably
around here somewhere
I think so okay I think so what a mess
yeah I mean even though it's story wise
it's not a complete mess but it's just
so like clunky and pointless yeah
apparently they did their jobs Star Wars
fans love this yeah yeah oh god he just
keeps falling I've seen an edit by
Maddox the best page in the universe
yeah oh yeah I saw that where he cut it
I mean it's a little clunky but he cut
it the point was to make it look like he
kept falling it just it just kept
showing those same shots it's like it's
like you fell for like 20 minutes and
then gin and chronic or just keep
looking
now here is uh if we are to get any
emotion from the film at all here's our
scene yeah Donnie Yen is the most
likeable character yeah I mean the robot
has some funny lines but he means like
whole disease robot I guess to him but
but now his partner has the face and
faith in the force
yes and he will kill Lester
stormtroopers than he did yeah this is a
little letdown --is-- - I mean at least
maybe not faith in the force or whatever
but at least just really really bad ass
revenge violence oh sure quite get there
but instead he shoots a couple of them
in disguise that's so pretty and you
know what I can finally take the Star
Wars universe serious and you know what
he makes a sacrifice cuz this is a movie
about sacrifice mm-hmm yeah I'm
sacrificing two hours of my time what
these people gave up to stop the giant
comical death ball what I wanted by an
evil wizard in a Halloween costume
Oh God now here's where it becomes I
think they thought overly complex was
was clever yeah it would detract from
our you wouldn't be thinking about the
fact that yeah nothing really
interesting is happening yeah you don't
lots lots of things are happening so so
it gives the illusion of it being
exciting yes yes well here Bodhi
right yes he accomplished his goal and
immediately dies but it's so gritty and
realistic the the the rebel the word
spies and brute force do not go together
spies and covert go together um you know
subterfuge
like you said earlier brute force does
not work with my plans were brought to
us by a group of brave rebel war mongers
were they clever no sacrifice really
sort of it was just kind of didn't try
to leave the planet extreme stupidity Oh
has anyone seen anything else with her
in it Felicity Jones is that her name
yeah I don't think I've seen her in
anything else but so I don't want to
blame I can't blame performance unheard
you know without seeing other things to
compare to I think I don't know I don't
know who to blame here I yeah I want to
blame Gareth Edwards on the tone but
then you think about all the reshoots
like how many other people are
responsible for that but I mean seeing
Gareth Edwards other movies this is
right in line with that which is you
know fine visuals but incredibly boring
and you don't care about the characters
that was this Godzilla movie - yeah
um but yeah they said they're like we
put in his movie monsters and then we
all walked out of the meeting and said
yep that's the guy we want to direct the
film mm-hmm
like for some reason I don't know well
the whole idea that movie is that it's
clever filmmaking because you rarely see
the monsters it was done for like next
to no budget and I think I could be
wrong but I think he did all the visual
effects himself like he's one of those
kind of like DIY filmmakers um but I
don't see how you could get anything out
of that movie that would make you think
he should helm a 200 million dollar
blockbuster but that's what they do all
the time no they take all these people
that make a little indie film and then
they their next film immediately is like
a blockbuster and I think it's because
they can boss him around easier that
yeah
that's what I was gonna say is Josh
Trank they did that with the
what's-his-face the guy who Jurassic
world yeah you you want someone who's
competent but is also a yes-man yeah you
don't you don't and who probably will
work for less than Spielberg right you
know a James Cameron like really you'd
be like okay and and someone like that
to it
the gravitas to be like no that's stupid
yeah I'm not I'm not putting in a
cartoon grand moff tarkin he's not in
the mill movie fuck you you you want
someone that'll keep the movie on track
but if you decide you want to reshoot
fifty percent of it will go along with
it yes and not put up a fight or a fight
for his artistic vision right yes that's
exactly what you want in a filmmaker
someone who will not put up a fight
there is pure speculation but I'm
guessing there's a reason why JJ Abrams
didn't want to do more Star Wars movies
after the force awakens yeah someone
who's a huge Star Wars fan you think you
would want to stick with that he didn't
he was done at one and done but the Star
Wars movies have had different directors
that's true I mean I'm not gonna argue
that but he seemed to I don't know you
don't hear him talk to excitedly about
working on Star Wars anymore once the
movie was done I think he was just kind
of done with it he's troubling to me
yeah he did two Star Trek movies even
yeah he doesn't even like Star Trek I
had to go watch it before I said made
those movies probably had a little more
creative freedom there I'm actually
looking forward to the last Jedi because
I think Brian Johnson is a more
interesting filmmaker than JJ Abrams but
then man that third one is Colin
Trevorrow I guess directed your favorite
movie Jurassic world but that gots me
worried oh yeah they're all gonna look
and feel the same J that's probably true
they will all look and feel like all the
movies have already okay you're not
going to get a an Irvin Kershner again
yeah they're all going to be Richard
Marquand whatever you say whatever the
committee says oh dude I think he was
British I think they hired Marquand
because he wasn't part of the film
directors guild is cool they pushing a
Star Destroyer and do another one
ultimate Star Wars porn penetration and
everything
I was about to say was that the money
shot but no the money shot is Darth
Vader at the oh yeah that's that's the
money shot
everyone ejaculate s-- them like oh you
could do a Star Wars war movie right
there during the Star Trek Deep Space
nine Dominion war they have a war
episode where normally the wars fought
with spaceships and stuff like that but
they have this one episode where they're
all stuck on a planet there's a bunch of
JEM Hadar and a bunch of Federation guys
and they have to like disable some kind
of thing and it's really like like an
episode where there's a gritty war like
we're shooting at each other behind
things we're like have to have to like
have Scouts and it's like World War one
in the trenches kind of war you could do
that with Star Wars where there's a
scene where where it's it's like this
where like d-day the Star Wars
equivalent of d-day we have to amass X
amount of rebel troops to invade this
thing and this is that but it's it has
the heist elements in it that aren't
really there it's it's it's two
different things that are combined that
don't add up to anything that's what
annoys me so much about this is that you
take whoever wrote the Mission
Impossible movies or what's the other
one that wave motions Ocean's eleven and
you have six characters and each one
does a clever thing and they have to
infiltrate a base there's no big battle
scenes and they all do something clever
and fun and and there's tension but
there's also a level of seriousness to
it or wait right were you worried that
they're gonna get caught they get caught
they get killed you can add all that
stuff but this is just battle after
battle in battle yes it's makes it dull
and there's no creativity to it which is
surprising when unfortunate one of the
writers was a guy who wrote all the
Bourne Identity movies which I've never
seen but I think that that was their
thought was we'll get that guy
may the force be with them they're all
gonna die the things blowing up oh and
now here's where Darth Vader shows up
this is kind of a great moment because I
ever space just things crash into it
that's the medical frigate they look
pretty casual you think they'd be trying
to find a ship to get off the planet
what man well let's just sit down here
he's injured J fuck him she should take
off she's known him for like a date why
should she care they're in love I think
Oh your father would have been proud of
you Jin you got everyone killed you you
let a really sloppy plan with no purpose
you know the only the only reason your
father worked on that Death Star was 20
years is because he didn't want the
Empire to kill you oh well if I will he
would have been prouder of her if she
went off somewhere and had a family and
lived a happy healthy life but it's it's
so gritty you know it seems like this I
can I can finally take Star Wars
seriously so the Empire just blew up
their own base and all their other plans
why to be to be fair you you you might
consider nuking Los Alamos if you didn't
want the plans to the atom bomb getting
to the Russians okay okay
I suppose so this is the one rebel ship
that's left over yes and Darth Vader's
coming over and this in his big ship why
oh why don't they just blow that ship up
they could yeah I guess he know
does he know they have the plans there
it you know what if they blow the ship
up they definitely don't have the plan
that's true here's why though rich right
here
this is why they didn't blow the ship up
because how could you have this amazing
scene so wait rich he's coming over
there to get the plans which means
they're not on the planet
so why are they blowing their own bass
up they really don't have any logic yeah
I know I know yeah compared compared the
scene because this is supposed to line
up directly with a new hope like compare
the scene in the way Vader's acting and
then in a new hope you know he just
walks in casually yes it's so much
cooler
yeah well it's walks in after the deeds
been done exactly he doesn't need to do
this crap and that's you understand his
character like immediately yeah and but
no we have to have this it's the
greatest entrance of a movie villain
ever it's pretty wonderful yeah and this
is stupid too because when Vader is
talking to Princess Leia at the
beginning of a new hope and she's like I
don't know what you're talking about
we're on a diplomatic mission to
Alderaan and he's like I'm looking at
you right now
like I saw you I just saw what you were
doing you're a fucking liar why even try
you know what else is she gonna do
I guess she's kind of a smartass maybe
she was being sarcastic I don't know he
tracked the plans there to her ship oh
my god what is this thing you know what
we didn't need to see her face you could
have just you could have just shown her
from behind gonna pull something a hand
yeah that's all you needed they're very
proud of their CGI they're bad CG faces
they're very proud of their madame
tussauds wax sculpture you don't you
don't do the opening credits crawl which
I'm fine with
but you do the end credits the exact
same way yeah that's a little the same
music and everything right it's a little
jarring yeah I really should just be
like duh
like a funeral - like yeah over credits
yeah this movie is a funeral dirge or
backwards credits coming from the top
down with like jittery letters like
seven characters die and it's miserable
and our but then you know we end with a
moment of hope isn't a new hope like I
get that so maybe you want some upbeat
music for the end credits to like
foreshadow that things are gonna get
better there are always gonna be this
awful I guess yeah but using the the
actual music that's at the end of all
the original movies like use a different
piece of music you know what committee
thing but yeah oh god this this nd the
one thing Gareth Edwards fought for was
not happening the opening credits crawl
this is the one thing he fought for is
that true no oh yours because I know
there was at one point there was an
opening credits car alright I think I
remember reading I think it was in the
script okay and then we need an opening
credit scroll to explain what's
happening in the movie that itself is an
opening credits Crowell yep
title crawl is the official terminology
whatever yeah
director credits first name was Orson I
guess whatever well thank you for
listening good commentary track yes Star
Wars goodbye
thank you for listening good