Episode 022
Perrrrfect Dark N64 - Polygons Yo!
August 15, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dr2XcdZ7ge0
___________________________________________

big dark uh but Joshua that existing
Josh has taken over the reins and Josh
is checking the chat so if you guys want
to ask Josh specific questions please do
so Josh anyone with a pizza roll next to
their name is a subscriber so pay more
attention to them okay
all rich this is a second player your
own well and I mean no this is a
two-player game or backer
it's all fine it's all fine okay okay
don't worry you're gonna see black for a
little bit but you should still hear us
hmm
what's my favorite trauma movie I'll
probably try Oh mio and Juliet I guess
um charge' kabuki man I always really
enjoyed
Sassie rich we already covered it I'm
sorry you didn't hear that
what's sassy what what do they call you
the wizard Oh been there done that
I have way too many fucking favourite
films I can't go into it it's gonna go
on forever
Wow um do you need that I don't know
we're you know what we're gonna find out
who is Josh me I'm Josh hi oh hey real
ah Josh what's your opinion I'm
guardians of the galaxy never seen it
yeah go give your opinions at it yeah
haven't seen it oh god no just make
something up was uh trite who can take
pedantic happenin thank you right that
would be um dick the birthday boy what's
internet superstar which I haven't like
in real life like rich Evans you like
handing away all the tenants where I'm
like yeah which is like wrench all the
time um kind of depressed most all the
time yeah I understand I'm just I'm just
waiting for death aren't we all
yeah but some of us enthusiastically
more more enthusiastically than others
okay
love Robin up love oh what's it which
are ancient name be Oh God forget Clark
gorg Oh what was like meeting Lenin
discovering he's actually a really nice
guy ask stop mutation it was great
lens a really nice guy hahaha we got a
really had a really fun it was a really
fun night I I wasn't here for the whole
time but I got to come along later later
on and we got to we got talking metal
bands which was good lens a lens a big
metal fan and I I am uh no no Jack Clark
with a K God god damn it
Oh rich nothing ever goes right you're
all right I'm sorry I'm sorry I
should've lunatic alright let's see uh
Harry Fed asks will we see more of Josh
investor the worst I'm don't miss a
whole lot of them but I sure try to get
here I work a lot which is unfortunate
but when I get to be here okay that's
great
pork oh yeah okay okay CK it just K okay
okay once again sassy rich cast by the
guard me
just why they call me wizard it's not a
very interesting story just roll with it
it's not an interesting story and
just gonna play for I don't think I've
ever played perfect dirt the last is a
rich in there okay check it out child
bride asks what was the last good
Metallica album and the answer is about
one-quarter of the Black Album nice
I also a lot of people are asking if I
am in space cop and I am NOT
not too late no I suppose I could be in
Fiske up at some point but that's okay
all I know is that if I was in space cop
my character name would be Phil oh my
god
Oh what what's wrong you what are the
control spoon room the fuck is happening
what is going on oh it's just I'm
playing for the first time is somebody
frosted here what is it doing that's
making you go you we have to describe
these things as a fucking gaming stream
I'm sorry um so just moving Oh God
moving feels weird and I moved and it
felt really weird it felt weird enough
where I said you like what's weird about
it is four words really backwards or
something or no no I you know I forgot
that I was playing the n64 for a second
and I pressed forward hoping that I
would look down and now and I moved
forward I have no idea where Oh there's
probably probably supposed to go to that
yellow dot oh the hooses kid Megadeth
yes yeah the question is Megadeth that's
my whole question in my response is
Megadeth yes yeah that's a good response
seriously though rust in peace is a
fantastic album it's great when you can
when you connect somebody that's got a
lot of ambitions and some songwriting
experience with a couple of really
awesome jazz players I'm sure anyone is
in the metal is read about this whole
thing with Hardy Freeman being like went
to Japan and is teaching all sorts of
guitar and English and things and all
this blah blah blah um
but those guys Bri fucking fantastic
that record is a stellar sort of
benchmark in crash metal alright yeah
there you go same question Merc yes yes
the answer is that question is yes sure
Bane is a character that does exist I
have no tattoos in multiple mediums
no tattoos no Matt one oh man you're not
hardcore at all if I have one planned I
just have to get it I have no idea what
I'm doing in this game there's a yellow
dot so I'm sure I'm supposed to go to
that yellow dot Oso has asked how I feel
about anthrax anthrax are probably my
favorite of the big four thrash bands
what are the big four thrash bands they
are anthrax Megadeth Metallica and
Slayer okay and anthrax were the most
consistent high level of excellent and I
assure you to like me
them above anthrax oh okay I get them
Elvis delvis I fucking love The Melvins
I don't think they're great spanned ever
because they can be very hit or miss and
they put out way too many records um but
I do love them very much ah mutation I
think Mastodon are
and not my thing so I don't know if I've
heard Mastodon never I've heard of them
I don't know I cannot for the life of me
think of a mastodon song well see that's
not a good time yeah what's the story
here jack do we win this game
yeah oh I have no fucking idea they
haven't told you no this is the first
thing that I'm doing and I don't know
shit I know I don't know shit up top I
dunno it's auto-aim Oh which is mom you
need that for this stupid controller
okay that thing oh yeah well guns that's
cool
now I'm gonna do it I don't know I don't
know I just clicked start game and this
is what I got so fred durst extreme of
color duty right now into his own
channel is he really not like is that
what fred durst does not yes good for
him I guess
gay aliens
yes gay aliens okay yeah you know you
missed your opportunity there you should
have said gaily oh yeah yeah but you
know you drop the ball and I had to pick
it up so Oh Sassie rich I don't have any
particular thoughts on your client Brock
Lesnar but I really do wish you recall
because we'd have a nice discussion
about about wrestling that I can't even
think of right now he's gonna come home
and I'm getting way too way too far into
this on a hanger for the wrestling I I
stopped watching wrestling in the early
nineties I started again recently it's
gotten very interesting again uh you
know y'all for me though the wrestling
history for me mmm I was a kid I loved
the door Hulk Hogan sure and you know
Bobby Heenan Roddy Piper oh I I hated
those men with a passion sure with a
horrible passion recently recently I was
watching some old wrestling videos and I
yeah yeah it's so funny the way that
works yeah I I wasn't in when I was a
kid I wasn't really into it apart from
you know every once in a while thinking
it would be like a Saturday night's main
event or something like that I would see
it but I didn't get real heavy into it
again until post-college
same time was playing Bolton I got way
into wrestling because it was there was
a different sort of surge in it then
dropped off for a while and recently
have kind of gotten into it again just
because I know there are some friends
that I haven't hear that to work at bars
and they get you know that everybody
gets together at the bar and they put on
the pay-per-view and then everybody gets
together and has a good time and I got
kind of back into who's cool and you
know seeing guys like CM Punk that are
just really good wrestlers that worked
really hard to get where they are and
Daniel Bryan and people like that that's
just way more interesting than write it
out you know actors that yeah throw each
other around hmm I don't think there's a
single player mission in this you
serious
what are you doing unless I am messed up
somehow you know what here's what we do
Charlie I'm hitting the reset button all
right hi I remember I was a kid down
there's a WWF like show your wife gosh
our area yep and my parents like we see
it sit near the aisle Hulk Hogan ran by
and I reached my arm out and touched all
Colgan as I ran by and he was sweating
this fog oh yeah yes I just I think I
didn't just like turn around I just like
wipe my hand off
there's worked way up yes it's
disgusting yeah yeah I was glad I got to
see hope and be tend to be us oh yeah
yeah so so this is what happened tonight
choose your reality right so I go to
park which is our new a generic race no
single-player aspects challenge
QuickStart advanced setup audio video
change agent because I did challenges
and that's what I was doing we running
around shooting the yellow girl really
there is no story to perfect start try
everybody in stir your internet chat are
we doing something wrong is there a
story to perfect dark or is this a
multiplayer only wait wait wait
uninstall reinstall it's only
multiplayer without it without what we
need all this tension back take the
thing out we have it we have it I don't
know how are you where you have okay hi
guys it's gonna go dark again everybody
be cool into the controller no plugs in
here
I thought punk on the controller no
doesn't it no it plugs into here sit
okay so you have to have the expansion
packing I've got a plugged into the
control you the expansion pack no plugs
into it yet we have one and I got one
specifically for perfect I swear to God
I thought it wouldn't look controller it
is it a second one what's that yeah the
other way around
okay no no no fucking thing like this a
rumble pack goes in here this that's not
a rumble pack use the same slot alright
I'm unplugging some jams hold on
oh no everything jams hold on everybody
we're trying to learn Nintendo 64 don't
yeah don't get too upset we haven't
played this thing since the 90s
oh you take this out it's not it's not
plugged into the controller it is
plugged into the system I thought I
never used one before I was in the front
and I thought they went into the
controllers yeah I mean I remember that
one Jack Jack does have it plugged in
right I don't you just never been there
no I don't know how to dislodge this guy
what sweat was what seven this is the
old memory John Keeler three pictures
Jack rich and Josh jumping around the
n64 kind of like the Apes in Zoolander
you're not far off
yeah
there's a little 2001 it's it's war yes
more like 2001 because we're using a
bone so are they saying was morteza I
haven't seen cylinder so oh yeah doctor
doesn't one thing dr. Pavel none of that
shit I don't know what that is I don't
like it what any if I see it
whatever goob we got one with a hammer
now that I got my Tullio oh let's see
update drivers reinstall windows
download Adobe done
I thought consoles were supposed to be
easy yeah that yeah this is what happens
when they try to wipe the disk with a
soft clean lint-free cloth oh it's true
here's the thing you're gonna cut this
thing I'm cutting at em performing
surgery on all 64 oh my god you guys
it's hella good I guess and then what
happened is that like nothing is
happening nothing's happening yeah hold
on call space gun
you really really want space cop handle
oh oh tools yeah I can tell you how
space cop would handle this problem and
I wouldn't end well see it wasn't like
that
well what was in there that was the one
that was in the rubber just yeah I guess
like owners in here this is this was
like why did you buy it not put it in
there I just bought it today well then
why don't you put it in before we
started this Oh cuz I was we had
technical issues and so I was dealing
with the technical issues and I didn't
know if it needed it or not okay okay
all right guys how about you take two
seconds to set over pipe I will not
settle down I will not be silent I will
not listen to reason
I will not go doc mando night okay okay
okay okay and
I know Kate you should plug in the other
well I'm just gonna single-player so you
guys can chat about wrestling and shit
Oh detected it was detected y'all
welcome to magic town magic town here we
go
detected everything see I did I used
tools I was better than the monkeys from
2001 did you learn something
nope twenty four kilobytes read okay all
right
or even look hello missions little this
action yeah okay alright alright guys
everything's cool everything's cool gain
entrance to laboratory I hated the
Ultimate Warrior I've come to really not
when I was a kid even when I was a kid
even though I never got him no his stick
was always so stupid he came with a
tools and just like a lot of the best
wrestlers are the ones who did good in
the interviews cuz that's that's really
what's interesting about it's the talk
again oh yeah he just ran out what room
are you gonna be going for the broad and
I'm still packing I hate it you're so
dumb I was seven I knew that was stupid
rich autumn betty be ho Hogan and I just
hated him more and I'm glad he went away
I think they're they're they're I'm
gonna stop just short of saying I'm glad
he's dead you're not I'm not am I
understand how short of that I
understand how he died young because
I'll guess what he had substance issues
and you know he was a wrestler and
wrestlers don't seem to live very long
um but uh I think I would like to say
that there are some promos that he cut
that you have just not seen that are
fantastic I'm prong I doubt it I know I
doubt it but there's there's a level of
insanity there that's just wait what was
he
what was the gimmick he was the ultimate
work well that's not a gimmick this
isn't like a Native American no it was
not he was the warrior yeah he was the
ultimate what kind of warrior
ultimate Macias pardonable air we'll see
ya uh we're just warriors jerec warrior
stupid company has come uh yeah now your
your your I break him below everybody I
rank him below Randy Savage I reckon
before cold and I have bed beneath oh my
god he talked open beneath rowdy ready
ready Pfeiffer beneath King Kong Bundy
boo everybody we have Coco beware
beneath Coco beware to be from Virgil ah
maybe not Virgil alright never think of
uh beneath mr. moto um who not right
don't even know who that is
well Matt uh I mean there's so many guys
better than him out Ric Flair verse the
barber beefcake hike when I was young
like the newer stuff I have no idea
what's going up sure when I was young I
was a huge fan back when I thought it
was real sure and then briefly once I
was older I knew it was fake and they
were doing like that NWO stuff that was
fun for a short while but they obviously
had no fucking idea what they were doing
out in it with that story yeah I lost
interest quickly alright this is all
just everybody yelling wrestling things
each other we scoop set him off yes I
rank him below the Iron Sheik I mean I
really thought the Ultimate Warrior was
terrible honky Tonk Man was better than
ultimate Wow
yes uh I'll take a weird-ass Elvis
impersonator over the Ultimate Warrior
Wow hey I can't I really hated him I
guess alright
oh you're you're in an office building
what's happening um shooting people I
have to break into a laboratory oh
that's why you're an office building
okay this is like a lot oh you can you
call somebody give me a telephone call
oh sure you want me home
ugh don't worry
I know should go I could push a desk oh
you guys this game is revolutionary
what's in that desk around I took the
expansion factor can you shoot out the
window and push it out the window
oh oh we ready for fun time just yeah
hold on you guys this desk needs to be
in this room this to go oh okay
yep no okay I guess I guess it isn't
you're a bad liar jad you're stuck on
the desk you me you what hit desk into a
corner what you're not getting paid you
can't jump over and the game's over
everybody was like perfect I thought
everyone did oh okay not wash that desk
you won the game Jessica's way easier to
move oh that's a bad lady it's weird
that that's lighter it's got the
computer and everything I came from
there
preg on me oh man you can throw your
rifle and make it explode what I wasn't
I wasn't supposed to kill her I'm gonna
crazy
wait you you shut out a window
Oh desk find a desk I'll get this one
okay come before a desk oh my god we
have a very important mission desk go
which did you watch the Hulk Hogan
cartoon show I sure I did but I'm so
young at the time I don't really
much about yeah I did not watch it I
remember it Hulk Hogan's Rock n
wrestling was it none is that sir is
that different one is that the same one
at the only one I remember is Ho
Coleman's rock and wrestling okay so oh
you're done if you killed too many
people Jack I did ah let's try that
again without killing the innocent
people but that's the fun part I saw a
lady and I was dying i guy pulled the
trigger but everyone else I yes
that's your first instinct when I see a
lady oh that's how I met my wife she
does for me
oh it's two of ever since oh wow
marriage yeah what's your you just in a
city do they tell you what's in here
yeah just downtown city okay go back to
downtown city you shoot that helicopter
Elka oh yeah it looks like I might be
Chicago but no oh yeah that's kind of
gone moron panorama Russia how their
initiative
schuiteman building oh this is like
another series down no yeah there's like
two Sears Tower is happening because I
that's not much like this yours together
dish
yeah this is your story is more shapes
turn oh my god you shot whenever the
fuck fellas do you think another one
okay what I better check on his buddy
yep awesome so this is the game cool
just keep happening
I saw something near the bottom you're
just an average ordinary citizen
shooting things bye-bye
oh my god what's all that there's a
heart oh they're flying cars
awesome well what I'm doing is I'm with
her I'm distracting the police we've
always good if all these cars are
blowing up around the city they're gonna
be way too busy investigating oh man all
these shots seem to be coming from that
bowling quick everybody to the building
look okay way these car know they'll
never know they'll figure out the
geographical center antique car shooting
sure but by the time they figure that
help you fuckin gone in person that
u-turn perfect dark in the duck hunt
yeah okay creature all right
see the cops are coming
my plan is working you've summoned the
cops Oh jack
that's great you scamp scamp
yeah scamp that's what's wrong with
scamp I mean your scamp
I mean am i a little rascal there's
something no no you're a scam oh good
darkness you see i'm i'm unit no way to
get that like that like maybe it's an
inventory you have an inventory you have
pine resin made a reference that's got
an inventory transport buttons yeah why
aren't you pressing one of this you look
at Oh see look at that
you're different I'm the Kim's this oh
and the Falcon okay the committee's
video well know that okay it doesn't
like to kind of a similar my gosh
Johnny's dead that's a lie what is that
little eye thing tell me what you need
to know what is that hello friend that's
the that's your portable computer I
think it's beaming the information in
your eye
I know oh yeah that's totally what it's
doing but where does it come from
obviously something at her shoulder her
back beard your left
no it's coming from space
nothing so good okay go wow somebody is
saying what you are is a scuttle
buck-ass cuttlebug I'm not you're a
whippersnapper you guys know what
version happen ever no scam I am a
whippersnapper you need to be a little
bit younger and a little bit more
energetic your troublemaker
today that much shooting all these
people and moving their desks
it's the nozzle that's all nothing deck
you ever watch Venture Brothers no and
delightful it's a delightful show I've
heard good
uh-oh ass hoe I am drinking New Glarus
local yokel which is uh what kind of
beer is this tasty is what uh you were
holding the freshest possible Wisconsin
beer expect this beer to be comfortable
crisp and slightly cloudy it's good I
mean everything that comes from the
glare aside generally enjoy rich where
do babies come from um you need me to
tell you that you got problems yeah yeah
I think I think should ask your mommy
Matt that's not that's not my business
you should you know what you should ask
someone's mommy any mommy
yeah any mommy will no um I
don't suppose there are many daddies
that don't there might be a little
confused yeah they put it on their heads
I have no idea what it says it should
appear you should come here
look it go away this what's happening I
don't know yours what do you think of
this game J what's that glowing wait
wait glowing corner yeah oh no that's
just the lights no no no this looked
different
maybe I'm not thinking this see if
there's a magical is are once again
similar enough flash they'll say that's
like sure fuck her she can't tell you
with your hair no I should I shot her
before and I failed the mission oh can
you threaten her can you punch her I
tried yeah beyond arm to punch her in
the face oh no that one okay ready yeah
there you go
punched in the boob tricked up her
necklace you picked up her necklace that
mean something
how is she oh can you use the computer
what the necklace is a necklace like a
keycard I don't know
nope all right well let's get gun back
and go in there
inhale view their button to fret
Hey oh that's where all can I was a
king's really uh read the doors on sides
so speaking of what's this animated
cartoons that are currently on TV yeah
either if you watched Archer at all oh
yes every episode I just started
watching all and I loved it it is highly
rewarding I just got through it all
actually I'm called yeah oh I love that
I love that show so much
I think I'm caught up on season six
started yet uh no okay no I'm caught up
yeah season five was the one where
everything got crazy and they then they
had to cope came in even though that's
where they got bored of the writers got
bored within secret agents drug cartel
right and country king and country
singer uh country oh yeah that's the
most recent - and it's I love that show
so much everything about it it really if
you haven't seen it out there in that
team lent it's a really the tone of it
really is Arrested Development if it was
a detective agency animated show
I still miss first meeting just show
them yeah but I'm a sucker for anything
john benjamin as well yeah yeah
like frisky dingo you never knew what
the fuck frisky dingo it's hard to
describe that shows what it's about
keeps changing yeah it's an intense
television show Oh see I've been having
this debate in my head over who I like
more as a character Archer or eggs and
recruits oh um I gotta go with Archer
just because they've had more time to
develop these boys a more developed
character but as he is as funny as eggs
and er yes okay yeah hello elevator Hey
oh yeah I think so
let's just go so no it's gone where we
going down
oh we're outside where are we now down
here I'm the best secret agent a vision
isn't one that God we made did you I'm
gonna say this I can drink it I think I
should listen this was a highly this was
a well-liked game yeah tennis court I
just never got a copy
that's sexual Harris me mobile hey why
so are you like a thief or a special
agent - oh I have no idea I thought I
was a spot you trot I don't thing is
games fine yeah oh you're under arrest
see well I should be I've murdered many
people it's true I have I have literally
no idea
I'd be the first person game that
started woman too far as I know oh the
story locked Oh
so he I mean that who the fuck was that
Oh Nicky Nicky jams where's the key jams
its Pamela James
I think I'm doing a great job I think
your date is soon you are I don't know
you hear you uh you're not killing the
people you're not supposed to kill
you're killing the people you're
supposed to kill I don't think you're
getting any speed rumbler
no okay I really dislike how I was
supposed to punch that lady it's like
how would I know that I figured it out
did you figure out or did you read in
the chat no I figured out I took me that
took me two minutes to think about it
jack
that's about two minutes yeah less maybe
I don't know I just looked over like
what's going on oh you can't can't you
can't better I'm gonna do something I
came from upstairs miss Poston - did you
get information from somewhere no one q
liver was there ever start the thing
that tells you what to do gain entrance
to laboratory yes so do that oh okay
lower weight service is there a map
because I'm legless Cassandra did freeze
neckla mean something they did with
proximity key tag to access to
restricted areas no cuz the doors locked
well they might I don't know I had this
did you go back down maybe the wipers
backed on you came up to get the key
right
maybe maybe lap back down oh oh think
check it was your brain I don't think or
like to think try using your brain I
don't like doing that that hurts it
hurts my brain oh I gotta go back divine
howdy doody asks if I prefer Seinfeld or
friends and the answer is no ah I hate
friends so Seinfeld fire my own
you don't like you know no I don't like
friends but I never like Seinfeld that
much really yeah all right I love me
some Seinfeld back okay I just think
we're in just friends ISM so friends
terrible friends disease dumbest you
know dumb shit but you're in chorus and
Rachel makes me wanna throw up
friends friends was a perfectly fine
Jack no no I know but no oh I was I was
in that era I was a news radio guy sure
I think I'm like that how are you
falling no no your back it's okay relax
just is probably good I mean oh there's
people enjoy them wait I need a minute I
don't you everything ready to go cuz I
know he didn't come back home and these
guys are serious it totally helped oh my
god this is this is suddenly this is
where you need to be because this this
is this is happening that can cover
not much the clip on the phone sir madam
who was shielding pick up hey everybody
said I won I'm good at game doesn't
doesn't take much to kill them better
think you know this is also true I can
only assume slash hope it gets
we're not what I think
who's not mysteries like what about the
computer at the desk
thing down down here click on computer
maybe that opens huh that did not work
hey guys that's not a door you go into
the chat room are you know what my big
escalope oh the basement health hit it
must be around there somewhere
gonna be all look at that fits big door
miss they said a GI Joe sound effect on
the gun the pink there's a laser blast a
GI Joe
sure maybe it's kind of catch-all bbp no
it's got like a laser II isn't that
harsh gunshot songs yeah
I can't recreate it like not you say
elevator was not in their proper Weiser
that message came off of a survey it
came oh my god I think it was just
showing me that those are doors who
hears oh yeah why this is here oh
there's a chair you could have a nice
sick yeah like I said oh you know what
this I think we need to sit outside
poor people come in there you go get
around my chair fucks Oh going on in the
chat Josh not much
who's Chet lose Chet yeah were you
chatting to a community is much better
than Big Bang Theory no shit net never
seen Big Bang Theory what community
community has its mommies thanks the Big
Bang Big Bang Theory is is Hollywood
trying to market to nerds and doing a
really bad job they're not trying to
market to nerds they're trying to market
to grandmas who have nerd grandchildren
now they're trying to market to nerds
are they've been doing a bad job
that shows been on the air for a while
they're leaving a bad job marketing to
nerds
ya know what you're saying I don't
understand
did you break jacket where's a fucking
elevator we're in the farm rock or dog
Jail Mills where are you people like
there was there was a singer wall okay
oh look that tell me hey look at that
good job minute that was terrible new
cheat available Liberty blah Blee flat
fun nobody money for harmony rich talk
about XCOM oh I love XCOM yes ask me
some specific questions yeah no just say
words words usually help xx come is good
y'all it's neat game fun to play would
there's a good point two and a Half Men
was on the air for a while - yeah that
was the most popular show on TV for the
most watched show and it was terrible
sure but the question is I've been doing
a bad job their job is to get people to
watch things if lots of people are
watching things know what I'm saying
even if it's low quality I don't think
you can say they're doing a bad job
they're doing a bad job of marketing to
nerds
maybe that I'm trying to market the
nerves yeah just one they just want
dollars I don't think they really care
where they're getting them from I don't
know that's that's been my argument okay
I don't want to watch the fucking show
it's bad I've seen a couple episodes bad
yeah also - an MN bad
Jon Cryer's and then I love John Craig
are you so much I never watch TV I
couldn't tell you first started about
two hmm I know they replace Charlie
Sheen that's all I know they did the
fashion API chair and then they replace
the little kid because we got weird with
a lesbian and Amber Tamblyn lesbian we
gonna shoot you know they're just
hanging out
did she just show never the nuts I mean
I don't know it's just I didn't know if
they were good guys or bad guys
I felt like he's got up and turned to
face you when I am at you and then went
like this and grabbed the crotch area
I can't you shot him in the nuts the
character is a woman and they do like
injuring us Deborah okay they do not any
more than a denzel's that's the go-to
thread yeah guys don't do that cuz we
know it's the Geico yeah don't go over
the nuts buses the buses it's really
serious business looks like business to
me we're never go for the nuts unless
you have to go
whichever's unless you bless you hate
somebody really hate them I guess I'm
not in any position to talk because I've
never gone for the nuts because you're a
guy and you wouldn't do something no
because I don't get in fun
what the fuck is that whoa what are you
what's your deal it's an ostrich it's a
car not that glitched into this carrier
hahaha vroom vroom everybody
I think that's just the space football
yeah what the fuck
this is hanging
be my best friend where you going little
guy come here
you're my best friend it's like it's
like the vitsin Tron take me to your
home no we want it to be your robotic
Neddy
yes hey oh oh oh that's Luke attentional
you follow this guy give it the best
places walking around checking it out
get up
Oh Oh what's down there somebody that
wants to kill you okay you know I would
be on board with playing some XCOM
tonight too but we don't have a computer
center for that sorry sorry uh
sassy rich wants me to talk about Twin
Peaks Twin Peaks was a television show
that was on for a number of years two of
them that is a number it had a lot of
actors and there was a mystery who
killed Laura Palmer and they solved the
mystery and then the show continued wait
we need J mama didn't just talk about
that this they just want me to talk
about Twin Peaks and I won't be talking
about the new stuff haha bye Jay Jay
made some promises oh okay he's he's not
here no he's simply not here no I built
a J it will be here later I believe but
I will talk about it at that time I'll
probably be busy later I don't know if
they're doing that tonight
oh it's getting late I can't believe it
I heard a wider so light I don't know
why she's in a way to either maybe maybe
there was a car accident
Oh maybe red letter media is dead right
now
that's possibility I mean there's stuff
to play perfect card no property you
don't know that it's true you know what
I'm willing to bet on that well that's
that's fine Twin Peaks was on ABC um I
want to say it was in the eight o'clock
time from time slots in central zone um
they also though the David Lynch mark
frost also has a show called on the air
that was on ABC that I really enjoyed
quite a bit it was a sitcom about a 50s
television show a variety comedy program
that all everything always went wrong
all the time
okay it was what was that on the air
it's called they only made six episodes
that's why I haven't heard uh only two
of them aired three in some markets uh
it was not very well accepted oh are you
on drugs the error was toxic
I need a spycam okay all right um yeah
it was it was not very uh the network
didn't find it very interesting because
it was way too fucking wacky to be on TV
yep I think the last episode is I can't
even believe they thought that was going
to get on television it's it's
completely surreal and I loved it I
loved it it's like watching it's like
watching that last season of Space Ghost
Coast to Coast except that was on TV are
you are you familiar with I think it's
called alternative three there was some
kind of British science show I forgot
what it was okay but their last episode
was like normally a science show but
they made up a bunch of shit about Mars
and a conspiracy theory to put a colony
on Mars because the earth was slowly
dying Wow
yes Wow yes and there are people to this
day I guess that believe this I need to
see that it's you can find it on YouTube
okay okay that's great that's right on
my ah yep just a plain old regular so a
bunch of shit they like fake some kind
of like Mars landing footage oh that's
awesome that's awesome okay
apparently yes okay noted it alternative
three was the plan to colonize Mars
because the environment on earth was
gonna be coming in hospitable for life
nice yes
oh man okay whoa look at that picked up
night minun boom then that there you go
uh uh boom you did it
I won I won perfect arc because they
can't be from terrified nitrogen uh
right yeah when I won I want it perfect
there see Harry fed is there a place on
TV for a show like liquid television not
an mtv anymore um probably not even on
Cartoon Network anymore they've gotten
so specific with the shows which is a
bummer because I remember a lot of
really good short subject stuff on there
I mean that's where Bugis Butthead
started on flux jaywalks
looks the max boy and what's on the well
the next was separate next wasn't liquid
television no that was that was at the
same time but it was not on the Patrol I
got a certain caliber oh yeah yeah yes
it did um climate is Keith I want to say
ah is all right I think
Oh cookie cookie yagya milk on the max
was fucking fantastic anyway and liquid
television was really cool but I don't
think there's no place like that on I
mean that's what YouTube does these days
i I don't know what J and Mike's
thoughts aren't guardians of the galaxy
I we've seen it we've all seen it but I
have not talked to them about it
we don't hi Gretchen I don't want our
beautiful and perfect opinions to taint
J in Mike's obviously biased opinions
because they love everything about
marble the marble thing they're Marvel
fanboys oh boy which is why they kind of
seem to have liked and hated Marvel
movies and equal measure Oh another
friend is back Oh little friends are so
helpful
Becky looks gonna get old quick now
let's meet the first time yeah the
second time I look on doing well the
first time I figured it out for the
second time uh he's just there yeah this
looks like another important place
though yeah I think um I I believe I am
progressing in the game yeah ah hello
you should learn how to Amy Oh what what
are my thoughts without without getting
specifics on can I set this earlier you
might not have been her I think
guardians of the galaxy is flawed really
but it is a fun movie so there's that I
won't get too specific because there you
know there may be something I'm sure red
letter media and officially get specific
at some point yes so we can talk more in
depth at a later time and you should go
see a movie because it's always more fun
to be in
all right now somebody brought up
Mystery Science Theater and we can talk
about that because all my fucking god
alright um most most y'all I think you
you said you don't you didn't watch mr.
Eason hi I've seen like be like a few
out the three episodes total alright I
have nothing against which is my
official opinion on the show channel I
have nothing against the show but if I'm
gonna watch bad movies it's always
something I do with my kijang I don't
need their commentary I like to get
together with my friends and provide my
home but you're nothing against shows
fine fine show I've only seen three
episode okay Jack did you watch it no I
didn't have cable girl okay
so I I have seen one or two episodes and
it you know what always bothered me
about it hmm is the people talking Jack
you sound like my dad I know and it's
like because they would always make
funny jokes but then I would miss the
next part of the movie because of their
joke if that makes any sense I it's a
fine show the one or two episodes I've
seen or it's fine it's fine
alright now I have seen I believe with
maybe an exception of the first seasons
of the stuff in the first season I've
seen every episode okay I love that show
I love that show I watch it all the time
my family used to meet up at conventions
from three different places when they
wouldn't used to do the conventions
which was not very often but it's a big
show in my life and honestly like I
don't know if I'd be in Milwaukee
without that show because I met the
drummer in my bands when I had a dr.
Forrester shirt on and he's like where'd
you get that and they got at the
convention that we were talk to my
friends it was a thing that said it
really doesn't have a lot to do with our
show we're not sitting here and writing
jokes about they they make fun of movies
they write jokes about the movies they
we react the movies yeah and then kind
of dissect them late oh yeah we're
trying to watch it from more of a
filmmaking perspective I mean like you
know message we don't sit here and try
to think of jokes yeah you know that's
not that's not what we do and so it it's
is a different thing
I think that it doesn't hurt us I mean
with that I was more conscious during
space mutiny because I'd seen I had seen
in that episode fairly recently so it's
like I'm not going to make the jokes
that they made because I know those
jokes when you guys were kind of getting
close to it I didn't want to say
anything because you don't know shit and
I didn't see that episode so it's not
you know it's not something that I feel
like I need to make a point about
because you're enjoying it just fine um
I was not making those jokes I mean I
pointed out when the girl was right back
on the deck after she died because
that's not making a joke that's pointing
out how atrocious the editing isn't that
movie you made so you made an
observation yeah right yeah and it
happens to be the same observation that
other people on a different show made
because guess what they also watch the
movie and shit like that is impossible
to ignore right yeah which is why when
things like that happen like during that
whole dance scene you know entity in the
Clube people were saying the same things
because they watch that movie too and
it's you're going to get the same thing
out of it because it's fucking
ridiculous but but Josh I mean isn't it
isn't it proper etiquette to make a note
of every other show that has happened to
watch the same movie isn't that I mean
isn't that what other shows do they
always mention every single other critic
or show that has watched the same movie
right
yeah but we're bucking that trend Jack
we're saying no because I know when I
see like a review of a movie the the
next two pages of that review is noting
every single other person who's reviewed
that movie remember yeah Roger Ebert
always used to wait for Pauline Kael me
for her review to God not to be like and
then he'd spend like a good paragraph
just talking about what oh this was the
Pauline Kael review said this that
always happened in every reveal we ever
wrote until she died absolutely you know
I almost want to avoid
just it's too much I know but I don't
think I think if you guys run across
something don't look and then find out
what's an MSD movie I just won't say
anything
sure sure we'll just but then we're
gonna do the episode in the comments are
gonna be enough my chemistry ki mr. TT
day and I mean you see it was Adams to
get out can you not mention that how
dare you not mention that that's you
know that's how it is that's my biggest
question is why why would I mention it I
haven't even seen the episode even even
if you had seen the episode like I and I
hadn't seen the episode but I knew that
mst3k did Santa Claus huh why would we
mention that look I don't know this is
my one question no I don't know I don't
know what what would make someone and I
have also seen a lot of Mystery Science
Theater comics what would make someone
think that we would mention yeah and so
what if we if we mentioned it what what
happened that's my campaign holy crap
weird um what would that change if we
mentioned it right and a lot of it 95%
of it was why didn't you mention it and
5% of it was what did you think you
could bring to it the same thing we
bring to every fuckin movie same thing
we do every night pinky try to watch
this movie
yeah no I'm totally with it it's it's
it's the dumbest and we receive a lot of
dumb comments and bringing up Mystery
Science Theater might be one of the
dumbest dad yep but I just I really
wanna make it clear that we're not doing
Mystery Science Theater and it doesn't
it shouldn't have anything to do with it
that's not what we're doing that's not
what we're trying to do wait we're not
no no you were trying to do our own show
yeah I didn't sign up for that well
that's okay Jack because now you have
this you have perfect art now I have
perfect did you did you remember to
write all your drugs for perfect dark
you remember how you wrote that whole
skit where you forgot to put the
pakkun I did I think it Anna by the way
I think it worked out really well I went
okay there's a few comments you're
saying Prezi Prezi maybe this by that
that thing you were looking at it
earlier I don't know but oh how much the
saying uh-oh singing pictures Oh
spycam yeah thank you
that fucking thank you that I that was
pissing me off I had this camera and as
I believe I supposed to - I wouldn't
leave just record everything had a
cheap-ass spy camera of the future is
this right no no that you yeah that's me
oh you're controlling it externally okay
okay Carolee no not but pumps in the
homes the palms in the homes
I like a girl with the bomb - no home
one ah
MC Hammer ever oh yeah I've heard of MC
Hammer I'll do I believe by that point
Jackie was just going by hammer oh don't
hurt him where's the camera I don't know
I don't care and I don't know what's how
we doing
uh it's been a while okay I'm gonna
complete this objective and then we're
gonna play another game okay cuz yeah it
just keeps happening
oh no this way know what I think I came
from this way okay it's a question that
it's it's what was asked a while ago but
well I'm remembering it now open X come
I would like to play over all right I
just heard about open XCOM the other day
I mean I know they're working on a while
I don't know it was done and watch the
trailer it it adds some functionality
and it's like an update to the classic
XCOM game I'd like to play that at some
point I didn't know was done till
yesterday though so so like bye bye bye
update the classic X kind of you mean
this is not I don't know if it's
technically a source port but no it's
not enemy I know this this is a
something for the ninety version 90s
version oh cool
user interface updates and the like okay
oh yeah I love this champ well I don't I
don't think that a beacon game to scream
we're going brah X come the old one is
the old ones a lot more micromanaging
I'm sure that's not a bad thing if you
like you know just to get in the depth
of that game right but I don't know if
that'd be a good stream
uh yeah well you know I'm sure people
who are digging the game would love the
strip
Oh four of them okay so now I took a
picture
this door is still locked there for fuck
now I have I do have I have a data
uplink
to the guy who says open XCOM be perfect
there there were plenty of people who
are bored we're playing FTL
it's uni what people don't like in depth
games yeah yeah that's really true and
which is a shame because FTL is what is
is a game that I watch on live streams
on that's what that's how actually how I
found twitch was watching FTL live
streams ah cuz I really dig it but it's
one of those things where not a lot of
people play FTL I don't think and a lot
of times you'll only watch games that
you play oh my jams you don't hear about
that ah shoot yo ass good all day
congratulations hey but that this game
sucks really I mean yeah a 1064 first it
looks better than gonna I'm sure for the
time this was awesome I feel like the I
feel like right now itself you admit you
can make something fun out of this but
when did I come in everything so
confusing a map would be killer
they don't give spies detailed maps
places they're infiltrating Jack you're
right they always wink I came in I came
in from there I think did I come in from
this time yes cuz then I said oh my jams
but this is the door I'm going oh well
that's an all caps I kinda needs
business oh gee no offense but RL RL em
often makes big assumptions about people
or general audiences well nobody nobody
else does that
Oh what assumptions we need that shit
for an FTL when we were streaming many
people wrote that they were bored
that's not an assumption that's that's a
fact there's evidence that is an
observation yeah based on sure not
everybody but enough
picked up shield tech item okay I'm sure
some of you would like it yeah I like
where the fuck what the fuck
how the fuck okay and this one right all
right
we're damn it yes respected this is this
area whoa but I need the Sun will never
stream XCOM Jesus Christ I just heard
about open X come yesterday cut me some
fucking slack ha ha ha ha oh you did you
did doctor - it happened what did it
yeah you just had to get through that
door and that was objective - yay look
at her looking around looking for a
victory
Oh
dr. Carroll's in a computer yo Oh
oh my god dr. Carol needs to pluck them
eyebrows before uploading yourself into
a computer Oh dip yep the kind of person
owed up load themselves new computer do
you really think they give a shit about
their eyebrows I think they would I
think they would program themselves
better eyebrows Johnny Depp does
transcend is I didn't see it either i
watch the episode no thank you change
his eyebrows did you know he just has
good eyebrows ha you jelly deaf come on
ha ha ha
okay I'm going to decline this mission
all right
and we're going to take a small break
and find a new game to play of this
motor is not supported what
well whatever like this man hi well girl
we're gonna be back yeah give us 5-10
minutes you need peace