Episode 024
Dark Rift - Unplug...then plug it back in
August 17, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0bBVi27qUM
___________________________________________

it's everything broken every 100 K this
word it's working oh my god you guys my
my cheap-ass n64 buy my oh oh wait yeah
no yeah yeah okay here we go okay except
we have the same problem yeah that's
okay this firefighter out of fix okay
everything's fine
unplug plug back in all right guys that
fixes everything all the time everything
so we're oh uh where's Goldeneye you
missed a jackass five hours ago
previously recorded on Twitter for when
we do shit can you change this here and
this right here and hit the update to
its I'm up I'm updating okay we work on
it there we go that's what we won't add
before somebody says it's
that looks awesome
all right let's do is prepare for battle
oh this is a fighting is this a fighting
game looks like well they're hiding
games are tournaments all right crisis
well tournament tournament I do go start
button how do you start with the start
but starting oh my god it's a two-player
game yeah gonna do I'm gonna do I'm
gonna redeem Monica I have this not ever
been shot the arrow oh god breathing
Sherdog
oh maybe it's not a two-player game what
is this game set player tit our Dwayne
trip to Monaco versus oh my god - it's
like SOS the little demon green oh no I
know you're thinking about yeah alright
I hope they wrap the grave kremens what
happened I think it's a loading screen
oh okay so I'm Demonica the red one now
we're back away slowly that was just a
dumb fighting game yeah ya know and I am
NOT playing you know
this is but we there must be like a
two-player yeah start did nothing
freaking out yeah okay so the B button
grabs face C that's B button so I'm
pretty good at that nice crab when you
swipe left arrow swipe ease down arrow
kicks right arrow wraps your fresh and
up arrow big swipe frenzy what was the
Sega equivalent when this came out what
was Sega coming out was that Jenna yeah
yeah was that the same leg was at 64 yes
or whatever graphics the Sega Saturn was
like a early CD system was it better
graphics yes yeah this is everything I'm
in a Tendo 64 looks wonderful everything
especially on an HDTV yeah there's no
upconvert we can see all the details I'm
very open about my disdain for the N
system over looks a comedy Monica so
sick I'm yawning watching the skips yeah
this is this is a really nice big bad
this was a bad this is a bad choice oh
hey hey make me laugh bitch alright
No dang
play Mario Tennis if you can send this
Marie of tennis tonight in the next two
hours we will absolutely we will totally
play Mario Tennis drop it at the bus
station
no I'm starting on Wednesday I started
looking for n64 games and found Jack
shit immediately I was looking for all
the good ones and we have four classic
we have four vintage video game stores
in the Greater Milwaukee area within
within a half hour driving back
Milwaukee and all of them had sports
game all of them had quarterback clumb
98 quarterback club
yeah it's all what in this game why is
it sacrilege to dislike the Nintendo 64
what I don't know why I guess it's
sacrilege for you to have a communities
get mario 64 which aged horribly well
this will never prepare know of time
which aged horribly you've got starfox
64 which is good well that's it's like
the graphics aged shortly yeah that plan
because Aaron's not doing anything
I was hitting buttons and nothing was
said nobody's moving and I'm not moving
all right I think Aaron just sucks
Oh perfect cuz Aaron didn't I mean yeah
yeah this is this is just really crap
but you know I'm gonna try to get a
directive thing on a third round
Mario 64 did aged terribly no sunshine
is better than Mario 64 in every way
maybe even the fucking galaxy games
blows that away before plays like crap
and comparisons tedious you know no it's
64 visually age terrible it's still very
good kick the games alright but I mean
it's not great anymore compared to some
of the other Mario games no come on
loads of all of our games that have just
taken a cue from rzc for like big yes
they have better
the same game that's it six before there
is Mario 64 it was great at the time now
it is obsolete yes that is it that is a
correct statement sorry you no no I'm
not anybody this isn't doing anything oh
yeah I don't think it recognizes the
second controller because we started the
machine with it unplugged sure cricket
yes I want to quick it all right turn
sunshine is floating trash doesn't you
my mother whose bunny
sunshine is floating trash no that
person is incorrect Miss Sunshine a
sunshine is great that hover backpack
was the shin press Start
nothing no I think we have to reset the
system
okay well stream might go down for a
second blue will sit there in children
watching this tonight no mario sunshine
was great the the the water backpack was
a wonderful addition cleaning up all the
goop using it as a little jetpack thing
was super fun yes all the levels where
they take await your backpack and and
those early oh yeah was pure total proto
gamma spiral galaxy a little awkward to
control sometimes getting the camera
around but
okay yeah I could probably ask again
okay I felt like it
nothing is a jeweler ship that was
working you or you is this a one-player
fighting game maybe it's just that
poorly program they didn't get the
second player working right wait no no I
don't think so this is a one player
fighting game that's no fun unless this
controllers
I can't was just me was just when I
can't believe everything it was just
working we just used it yeah the same
game bad game bad could you believe this
game don't do anything for some no no
that's not me okay game Network Kingdom
Kingdom Network game bad oh but you know
we've committed to playing we're gonna
play we're gonna play for exactly two
more minutes
alright shit cuz we don't want to like
look at this game the n64 is even
revolutionary they were doing 3d games
on PC right before the n64 so didn't
invent 3d didn't vet polygons that's it
just it just made them blurry and ugly
it invented it in a home console which
again you know was it was cheaper than I
don't gaming I see it that way which was
surpassed by the PlayStation which came
out earlier and and still did better 3d
yeah I'm not arguing that okay anyway um
do you guys want to ask me anything else
well I'm here because I'm do a ton of
these talk to Josh while you can he only
got so many good so many minutes
don't worry guys I'll play the game
don't worry about talking to me there
wrench
invented polygons congratulations
good work I think I didn't yeah well I
didn't think people would really be
interested I didn't think it would take
off alright here we go
I shave my beard off because it's
summertime I'm late - best somewhere
screaming because I have to work
street trash and best of the worst that
movie is too good for best for the worst
I love street trash I'm not telling you
that I'm not telling you that I'm not
telling you that no I won't change the
game for another minute
I like Black Sabbath quite a bit I do
things
that's my favorite okay can repeat the
question okay it's going so fast I'm
just trying to trying to help everybody
out here for Wagner we upload this to
YouTube later we won't see the chat oh I
like I like I like just the responses
okay what is my opinion on wine white or
red Oh red yes that is correct I mean
come on oh I'm not leaving yet don't
worry they want me to do the radio voice
before I leave I could go full Griswold
I need to get in a car no I mean I need
a car in a semi and then I can go full
Griswold have I seen a house I've seen
the house ooh before there was even a
criterion version of it
there weren't even I was a bootleg in
there weren't subtitles on it and I
still loved it ever so much that movies
is great well thank you let's see
and my fan of metal subgenres I live in
thrash yes let's see anybody else
anything interesting
oh we can talk about how I met everybody
in RL m because it seems like you guys
talk about that stuff on screen sure I
think I meant I had known both Jack and
Jesse before are almost much of a thing
because we just played shows together
and we just hang out and Jesse and I for
a good long time there we were our
banter playing together a pretty decent
amount so we got commiserate how we were
both the bass players and even though we
were in both bass players we were and
yeah and then I met Jay and then Jay did
a video for my band and it all kind of
just went from there we did going first
did I do
I think JD did one first and then you
did like five you've done all of the
other ones almost what was the first
time I met you was in a room screaming I
couldn't in okay I could have been that
makes sense I know I ignite and I knew
of you because your reality I came up
yes
yeah and I I went a couple times I went
to screenings a couple times let's see
Josh do you like jazz very much I love
jazz um Charles Mingus is one of my one
of my heroes um let's see what Josh
looked like so I can figure out which
one he is asks Wally Jay 1980 do you
know do you mean who's playing the game
I'm Gor Jack green go the blonde one
with the big muscles yeah I'm always I'm
always hanging around let's see
think about everybody's asking these
things if I'm just skipping over judge
Holden asks me how can I make use of my
English degree or is it too late how in
God's name should I know it's far too
late no probably probably far too late
uh-oh Oh doing the obvious has a very
good question for me
I have a ring VCR and a copy of wrote on
VHS should I combine these two I'm
afraid my mind isn't ready to handle
what it might yield nobody is ready to
hit me you're not ready by recommend
doing it anyway yes oh god I I don't I
have said I love that fucking movie I
loved it I loved it so much it's such a
doofus it's one of the best things we've
ever watched my show yeah sure sure
working on it somebody's asking me about
pump musical of funk music I listen to
all sorts of funk from their moms on up
let's see do I possess typing skills I
type about 75 words a minute is the a I
am this just non-existent assent
apparently I think I've won every single
one flawless I know I know my controller
isn't doing anything right no no it look
like they attack like if I like they'll
walk to me and maybe find you staying
here
so it's just really terrible yeah Oh
somebody's asking about Krispy Kreme
I love that Krispy Kreme we don't have
that I would love to plummet
we just don't we don't have mega bend
anything yeah
some of these straight-up whoopee will
be glorious Oh what are you thoughts are
annoying go bang go that seems to be an
everybody question oh I like that on go
Bongo forbidden sounds a real good movie
sandy sandy like a manga yeah yeah it
said bed in the song yeah they did okay
science yes
yeah very very very good very good bands
I do listen to the jam
yeah I don't like Paul Weller solo or
the Style Council so much but I do like
the jin-hee maybe he needed that
particular rhythm section to be the best
of the best
rotor shirt explain no I didn't really
react you missed it that's too bad you
guys got to show up in time sorry lordy
we tweet when we are starting yeah you
don't get on the bus you get left behind
everybody come on bus does Josh like
Doritos Mountain Dew I like Doritos I
hate Mountain Dew I think that's most
people isn't it no people like mom doing
their own sick sick to my stomach
I don't be so anymore but I'm okay with
mom doing yeah yeah favorite blingo
blingo song that's tough the one that
goes like oh and go boy and go
like that one so much no I really like
the earlier wanting to blend go stuff
there's that EP that came up before the
first record came out I know it's not a
total fuckin history but it's got its
got the falling freshmen Forbidden Zone
the song it's got only a lad a couple
other things that's really cool
all role of that stuff all right I
honestly don't see how rich Evans can
think the PlayStation is prettier
graphics the n64 CPU blah blah blah okay
just just compare the n64 version of
Mega Man Legends which they just called
Mega Man 64 with the PlayStation version
of Megaman legend tell me there's no
difference some of the PlayStation
version isn't better in every way I
think that might have been true that
might be could be that might be
someone's attempting to make it dude
they're working on it privately that's a
good that's a good one go son you're
right you are correct
yeah not here not now as I like they
might be giants I certainly do spend a
lot of time listening to Lincoln when I
was a youngster and the idiots you know
my the very first album I ever purchased
the very first CD I ever purchased was
for that nice yes nice what do you think
about the new Weird Al CD I don't care
for it as much because I don't like the
songs that's based on but I'm really
excited that it's doing so well I mean
Weird Al it's 2014 and we're now has the
number one album in the US and that is
fantastic WordPress is great I like that
ooh
I am being asked who is the best twin
peaks' girl the answer is Audrey and if
you have any doubts from me you're wrong
come on come on
holy cow yeah like I thought a lot of
the weird our videos were fairly weak
yeah I understand like he was doing a
thing where like a lot of different is
through different producers and like you
know getting getting up that height but
uh I was really disappointed okay it
worked out for me yeah oh no it didn't
it did great for another week and
absolutely I like the aluminum foil
aluminum foil was in a really great Jam
yeah so like the Lord so it's like I'd
like to see we were now just having
YouTube channel commits they're putting
out regular contact okay I would like to
correct the swamp clocks lives thanks
that we're both bass players and bands
and that is not correct
there are bass players that aren't bass
players to describe this phenomenon to
you it's not worth the time yes
bees ball I have heard of mr. bungle
love the spam asks for coming back to be
fest the beef fest website is gone it
was just not there anymore so I have no
idea if B Fest is happening anymore I
certainly hope so
oh I I hope to go i if it's there I'll
go but I'm a little concerned because
yeah the site is just gone it I don't
know I don't know what the deal is
well B Fest is not like is that that's
like a that's not a for front room
that's like a student-run thing
it's like yeah maybe it's just no one no
one's doing it maybe well the will ever
ask for a restraining order against Jack
and can jack countersue free emotional
and mental distress cometh by the wheel
the wheel is fixed it's fixed already
yeah and yes to all your questions I am
suing not just the wheel but J and Mike
for before making me watch those movies
they're gonna think you meant the other
kind of fix is only partially trip we've
geez said once or twice have you yeah
don't let them know that yeah Elvis
Elvis episode with Colin Connor and they
grab it yeah Elvis dumbest secret Chiefs
keep three is coming to Milwaukee soon
and that's really cool I hope to be able
to go to that show we're totally gonna
be scare on non it's okay
also I just want to mention I've had a
point in this game where I've been
beating every single person with
absolutely no problem like mindlessly
yeah button mashing and I've hit a point
now where I cannot win against the guy
so that's oh that's the difficulty curve
so for games and then that's it for in
for games and then you get home Ikuko
Jesus
yes III in vented the wheel that's true
I did invent the show but I invented the
wheel aspect of the show and it's great
the wheel is drink I haven't even named
game station 2.0 why does this no longer
exist it's become free right basically
yeah pretty much
Elvis Elvis continuing we're still
talking about like that and they totally
love phantom us because again it mixes
here mic patents and your Trevor Dunn's
and your Melvin's your puzzle from The
Melvins and all that and Slayer too
because you've got Dave Lombardo in
there so yes yes I do I appreciate all
the interest in we should probably stop
talking about it because it's nerding
out against everything else that's it
happening in this room hi but I can't
stop talking about it
here is your stage now here we are
playing a shitty n64 game talk about
whatever the fuck you want trying to
give other people a chance someone's
asked me if I enjoy Matt Freeman as a
bass player can't remember who Matt
Freeman has anybody nothing
tell me chat box chat box music is not
overrated apathetic when music is the
best thing ever okay fuck you lord
necropsy I don't have a favorite death
metal man necessarily but I did once
stand in line to get Cannibal Corpse to
sign a baseball for me in the game they
assign the baseball that's correct
can you give all I asked
let's see what's that I tried it didn't
work out I'm sorry now if you failed the
stream College it worked it worked it
just worked
oh man
jesse is silent like no oh he's the
rancid bass player so I don't think of
him much at all cats aren't better than
music that's a lot better than music why
don't just combine the two and listen
the lady Tito conquer beard
I can't remember who which version of
cannibal parts which singer it was
because remember was singing for
cannibal quartz at that time was not
there it was the other four guys cannot
remember
let's see loner Archon is asking if I
still wish for the Iron Chef
she knows episode yes I do I just think
that would be the best or the best you
know need the best ingredient you're an
Iron Chef
yeah chalices fuckers forever yeah they
know how to make mushroom mushroom they
don't know how to do it with me guest if
I like high on fire I certainly do I got
to meet Matt pike at an iron fire show a
few years ago Nessen and I love that
dude he does one of those gear videos on
YouTube those most fucking hilarious
thing I ever ever saw
there's up yeah like guitar gear music
guitarist Oh first off he's shirtless
because he's always fucking trails dude
just does not wear shirts most of the
time and he talks like this he's got
like like a really smoker sort of you
know one thing going on because I can
buy us two different mics oozing so this
was you're being all like this bris and
then I press this button here is like
boom
sorry punch to the face like that bro
that's okay a little bit and so you guys
see we're talking about wrestling yes we
were
yeah 42 is asking if I like Roxy music
very much although I'm more of an Eno
guy than Roxy overall but I do like Roxy
Ditka Chelsea Dagger people whose emo is
a rock Brian Eno and Roxy Music the same
or you
I'm answering the question give him or
for me oh I'm sorry
Roxy Music we're a band that started in
the 70s and then raining it was the
keyboard player okay go but he was only
on the first round was and then he left
and he made a bunch of really amazing
solo albums and then invented a music
yes piastic that's fun for me because
then I get to learn okay yeah the the
you know I'm burnin record my life on
the bush of ghosts is a really good okay
hi sir creepy I saw that you're in the
stream now so give er one and only mod
Oh Chelsea Dagger so what is that that's
a very popular commercial sign yeah
that's okay
Oh somebody Elvis Elvis cuz I'm just
getting all the good questions from
Elvis tell Boris and they are very
interesting they started out as like
kind of a really sort of Melvin's ease
slow heavy metal thing and then as the
years go on have just put a lot of
different influences into their music
from like early new immigrant IV metal
up through like j-pop and all sorts of
weirdness
they really mix it up and I really like
that there are a couple records a Houma
note which is one that I really liked a
lot they did a series of four seven
inches just before the fight at the last
couple records that were really good
yeah I love those guys I like even when
I don't like what they're doing I like
that they are pushing and trying
different things they're very interested
in in in spreading out their
their ideas also dreamy we have
unlimited continues oh god it just never
stops I've been I've been testing I've
lost I've lost probably ten bet this
does a lot of funny papers
yeah it's in you as long as you can
street fighter did that you should
mortal combat stood well you're looking
like Oh rich Evans is greater than
Whitney Houston yes congratulations
thank you thank you
I agree okay not here not now has asked
me if I like the men swans I like swans
although again they make a lot of music
they started in the 80s and then went
through the eighties and kind of broke
up the early nineties and come back
together there's a lot that I need to
explore there but think I like found the
cheesy maneuver it's a baby
we should just use that guy Oh Steve
delay 5000 is asking who would win in a
fight Phil Davis from feeding frenzy or
Phil Davis from Russian Terminator I
think I can take it I got a wrench Phil
Davis doesn't understand what the
throwing stuffer
what did he have papers nobody had the
fucking papers be rich no wrench beats
papers general question do you guys like
the band cake yeah you like cake I'm not
big on kick that's cool
Jack Lutz cake actually I think is one
of those bands that similar stronger
demons no that's a she likes cloth yeah
Jesse was the one that introduced me to
death grips so you notice we had that
first album somewhere and I remember
where we got yeah yeah Jesse put that on
and you got to shame she's just doing
that no no he has to all these got to
wonder I'm looking for
Jack have you seen Mission Hill my
confusion answers the question yeah Jim
we live in a loose on that but if that's
the right okay that's the right one I'm
thinking of sure yeah
ooh oh this is a good man this is gonna
not Trez gin asks me which best of the
worst movie not containing camera
whistle you've been most improved by
replacing the character with Cameron
Mitchell all right I've got it replace
back problems no no no imagine it all
the speeches in that movie all the
speeches no cuz all right you can't have
too much Cameron Mitchell distance you
cannot have too much Cameron Mitchell
it's not possible hmm let me think about
this
nobody's that would have taken care of
the second act no battle problem one
second yeah you just have weekend for
Mitchell takes over for the second half
did you see he's moving he's like the
drill instructor I like that idea I like
that mm-hmm what what's a movie that
that we watch that one just turned out
to be four and that's what I'm trying to
get like the movie with the Frankenstein
guy that same episode was rough
indicator Vindicator
yes Vindicator good abusing camera yeah
all right because that's the kind of
movie that he would be in yeah and we're
gonna prove but it still would've been
all them that was fun bad yeah oh man
Oh
to look at all right tried do it now now
it's two players Cameron Mitchell meter
oh that's a handicapped uh I don't know
I can't switch characters but with the
deep end yeah that's just brings the
health up and down okay yeah um Cameron
Mitchell in the killer is bi slinking
through dumps and attacking ladies
I'll just Elvis I know you're asking
about amps and cabs and stuff I'm really
not much of a gearhead in that case I
played fender bases i have trace elliot
amp that i like quite a bit cat sir I
think I just have a cab it's not a name
thing that bought from a friend of mine
if anything I was particularly sort of
recommending Trace Elliot definitely
trace Elliot I discussed it back I was
discussing it with Keith who you may
remember from a little band called the
Kryten he is a trace Eliot guy through
and through
so yeah trace Elliot for sure
basis you can figure out what you like
and what you're comfortable with just
you know buy some cuddles everybody
every bass player needs a class battle
every last one every last one you know
yeah I'm gonna go ahead and agree with
also the alesis ion and micron I'm a big
fan of those I actually got jacked by a
micro micron yeah I love it I use it as
a midi keyboard all the time yeah and
it's a very good analog modeling sort of
keyboard where you're able to twist
styles and make you know actually just
physically make the sound change and
that's a big deal yeah because a lot of
crap
you know like my Winkie where you have
to press buttons and it just doesn't
work the same which rich is really good
at this game
Richard wretches Nicki and Jack is
Scarlett he might have broken the game
Oh
oh my god I think we have to take a
break you broke your game oh that was a
game this is too awesome we can't top
this that's done we're guess what guys
we're taking a commercial fuck these
games we're gonna come back and play
something better we'll be back