Episode 054
Checkers!!! The Revenging
September 17, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWdwNogIi04
___________________________________________

image is cut you guys are gonna see oh
wait oh you know what I probably have on
this computer it's got all right oh yeah
that's good well you guys gonna see a
black screen whatever fuck it someone is
asking if I still do open mics no no I
do not every once in a while though I
after but that's what you're on dude
yeah so why are you talking about sort
of things every once in a while I'll go
to something like something like comedy
sports and really wish that I still did
that I did a lot of comedy sports in and
out of high school
and I really really enjoyed comedy
sports and I really like that kind of
improv game and stuff but what is comedy
sports comedies for prop comedy oh okay
it's competitive you say comedy sports I
think of the Harlem Globetrotters oh
sure sure no it's it's competitive
improv comedy where it's like you play
an improv game okay okay
make the funny jokes in whoever makes
the funniest joke place wins like like
whose line is it anyway I only only done
a bit more seriously what no no I mean
it's exactly like who lot whose lines
but instead of like four people it's two
teams of like four people okay okay you
know quote-unquote compete that's some
really fun stuff and you're right I
should shut up Rich's playing just big
joke it's like cut the screen and then
and then he was looking at J and I was
deaf
hmm
so yeah County sports good I can't
imagine I had oh you know what I didn't
share with you guys one of my one of my
big openers when I did open mics do you
guys want to hear my joke you Jay
probably knows it anyway
they're probably I've said it before I
think I had I had what I thought was a
killer opening line because when you're
at open mics you know it's a lot it's a
lot of the same people and a lot of
people are there like well I guess it's
my first time coming up and this is my
joke since I was like my opening bit was
I was like hey guys thanks thanks for
having me up on stage I I'm doing this
because I had a big stuttering problem
and and I was I was going to group
therapy for my stuttering problem and
they said the best way to get rid of
stuttering is to get in front of people
and then do something like this like
open mic and and I think it's really
helping helping is what I said I think
it's really helping I think it's really
helping my speech and if you guys want
to know you can go to the department of
therapies website and they have great
tips on how to get rid of your stutter
it's a do t so you go to WWE and they
can help you get rid of that this is
also why I'm terrible at stand-up never
cut my jokes I need to work on the setup
www M is a very funny joke so tell
somebody it's a very funny joke and then
and then I would tell them that it's a
very funny joke
I take trust me yeah what I decided was
funny yeah I had a bit about my my
grandpa my grandpa had a lot of funny
names for things you know like he would
call soda pop I think that was funny a
drinking fountain he would call a
bubbler he would call my grandma cunt
that was funny I had a lot of different
bits I was no good at it I was no good
at it but you tried but i but i tried
and i did i got i got up and fry and i
do i'd like performing in front of
people can we get an emoticon of rich
holding a packers sign absolutely no not
ever
I'm great at comedy just saying thanks
citizen grapes I'm just saying just
saying I'm glad that's still around huh
it was like eight hours ago we were
talking about that right
as I'm reading Kevin's rich has a
Packers tramp stamp photo job I will
share my Nintendo network ID with people
during the next Jack Soloff stream so we
can play Mario Kart neat together
absolutely absolutely
I won't chair right now because I don't
remember what it is
wait is it just my username is that what
I'm intend on Network ideas I don't know
I don't yeah everybody I said oh do I
play a lot online now you know no it's
just it's just plenty online it doesn't
ask you for it you have to sign in you
have to enter it at some point or one no
yeah I entered it when I got the Wii U
why I was weeks ago I don't remember
is it just my username cuz you can
probably guess what it is it's gonna say
fucking everything if it's just my
username it's harlech but I'll look it
up and tell you guys on Sunday my
strictly on Sunday I don't know how are
you that's that's a good question
you know what these are all really good
questions I'm gonna check my calendar
what's today 27th uh yeah I'll be
streaming out something play about my
college radio show there's nothing to
tell
we played punk rock oh I brushed my
teeth on air sometimes and that was it
that was the show Oh
what was your time slot um it was
different and every because I did I
think I did it for two or three summers
uh it was just a summer thing and I use
this mid-afternoon I'm like a Saturday
are you stand up too sometime tape we
were to tape the shows but I think those
tapes are all gone now unfortunately oh
sorry yeah
I'm trying to think if there's any funny
bits we ever did I don't remember I
don't remember anything
I remember brushing my teeth on air
that's the only thing I remember doing I
know you played punk rock music all
right that's it that's great that's all
I can tell you about my college radio
days that's great
for the short stint that I was in
college I rose to the ranks of program
director of my college radio station
which is a very impressive title my
college radio station had exactly two
DJ's me and some creepy old guy who
would come in like once a month no one
ever came in to the radio station like
literally I didn't know there was a
radio station yeah at my college until
like I went down the wrong hallway one
day I was like weariness and like I just
started asking the admissions people and
like the demon stuff is like can how do
I do that like yeah you do it program
director and so part of my weekly
responsibilities was like talking with
record labels about what like we were
playing in order to get new CDs okay and
so I would give these record labels all
false information just to get the CDs I
wanted
and every month we had to compile our
top ten list that would be published in
cm JV college music Journal and I would
just put my band on the list so four and
I don't even remember what my band's
name was at the time but I would just
put it on the listed like number four or
five yeah just for some Bumblefuck
reason he was great it was the worst
great Dannan do it wasn't my college
than I did the radio show ad oh it was
Blake college and you could just in the
summer they would just let anybody have
a show so he just said hey can we do it
this summer again and they'd say okay
that's crazy
yeah this was because this was when I
was in high school this wasn't I didn't
have a college radio show in college
Oh Justin in the summers in high school
that's we might think at least two
summers hmm I think it was just two
summers yeah that's a great story then
that adds to the storm that should've
been in the regular study I know I'm
trying to think of anything memorable
memorable about it there wasn't a lot no
now just when I brushed my teeth on the
air I would do that every once in a
while for minutes on end I would for
minutes on end yeah yeah I would really
drag it out I like that I like that I
had nobody was listening so it doesn't
matter that's the real it there were a
couple times that I had to give
interviews because eventually like the
record labels would get suspicious of
like what I was actually playing we had
to fill out forms and email them to like
record people people at record labels
and like eventually they would send like
interviews my way of bands that were
like touring in the area and they'd like
want to do an interview and they'd be
like I'd be like oh I want this CD when
can you send me a free copy of this CD
to play on Maira decision and not for me
to take home for myself like well we
have this band coming through like it'd
be really great if you could do an
interview with this band and then you
know
can send you out some video that's how
that's how the radios work yeah uh and
so I would give these interviews of
these bands having no idea who they were
what the fuck I was talking about
sometimes not even on air you just do do
an interview to get the CD I would
because at first I didn't know how to
make the phone come through the air
there was no one that taught me how to
work at the radio station because I was
there except for an old guy that came
that was a mom absolutely they would
they would call me on the phone and I
would just talk to them for like an hour
and they'd be like so are you gonna cut
that into an interview and I was like
yep like I don't know what I was doing I
still don't know what I'm doing thank
you - you make it y'all so how's it
that's the thing I miss the most about
college by the way we're spending times
in that radio station hmm you know why
why I could be alone no one would bother
me in there cuz no one know how to get
there no one knew it was there I said
for you and the old guy I had the
internet I had my own space I could
study just do whatever the fuck I wanted
did you update the twitch done checkers
oh no I didn't oh my god people still
think you're fine arts go it's all right
Cougars got a shit operation is this
it's the same as my radio days and my
teeth ah maybe someday on the stream
I'll brush my teeth oh my god the
ultimate callback yeah it was just dead
silence like we didn't have any
background music you would just hear the
sound of me brushing my teeth that's
weird
you got to feel their time somehow it's
experimental oh yeah yeah it was just me
trying to annoy people that's all it was
alright
what kind of chicken shit operation is
this the chicken shittiest
chicken shits not the right word
probably not chicken shit implies being
scared oh hey that's a quote from
something I'm trying to remember what
right now jacquard a was there ever any
discussion of Len punching Mike or
Jessie's pick on the choosen lose you
know should we want objection we didn't
know who's gonna punch until he punched
it we did not tell em whose face did he
punch first it was made of fuck which
was terrible because he took real
pleasure in punching me in the face yeah
yeah no we didn't know who he was gonna
punch that wasn't a plan that I mean the
choosin was obviously was but we didn't
know who he was gonna punch we and this
means we didn't know what movies we were
gonna get there were tapes behind all of
the faces even like the the dictators we
assumed that he was gonna punch us and
we assumed that he got the joke that he
was supposed to punch us yeah yeah but
it could have been Mike it could have
been Jesse could have been the three of
us who he punched I think we all assumed
he wouldn't punch Jesse yes yeah the
movie we wanted to watch the least
behind her face yeah cuz we assumed that
wouldn't be the case but but it was on
his hands that decision yeah yeah I mean
we didn't say you know punch this one
than this one that was completely up to
him yeah he I I think he really hated me
because I'm the one that got the
conversation rolling when I called him
not only incompetence to learn about his
own incompetence yeah if you look back
on that episode where we're talking
about disco forest you're probably the
harshest yes yes I am and I think at
that point like we knew that he was
going to see it at some point oh yeah
and so like and I think in the Edit you
can actually kind of see Pete us.we
hesitant to talk about his shitty movies
and I needed to get that ball rolling
yeah and I feel proud about my rolling
so it's understandable to get up a so it
is a gap so and one's a good sport yes
and a nice guy yes that is all true you
know I you know it's been a while since
we've had a has that been the only set
of best of the worst yeah yeah sit yeah
remember we're sitting around the
campfire oh yeah yeah okay I'm thinking
of the facepunch episode yeah sent
around the campfire so the Halloween
episode yeah Halloween oh so I think
that was a fun we should bring then
again we'll do another Halloween episode
this year absolutely
Halloween is my favorite time of year in
fact I'm already at sunny in September
and I'm already looking forward to
October because for me Halloween is all
the entire month of October it's true
Halloween is one of the best holidays I
it's my favorite hmm that's my favorite
season it's my favorite time of year
it's fall a little bit cooler out yeah
but not like freezing you just watch at
least I watch just as many horror movies
as possible and that's over that's great
you get to dress up and if you dress up
people give you candy uh-huh it's that's
the greatest deal in the world and it's
have the best decorations too yeah
pumpkins these great spooky skeletons
and spider webs which is it's great
that's my buddy are you winning what
what do you do I just set up a triple
jump yeah whatever
is he gonna fall for it well he had to
boom yeah he fell for it before I told
you about her it was already that was
already on Flair I'm talking to a
mastermind I'm sorry I didn't I'm sorry
I didn't I'm probably not gonna dress as
a farmer for Halloween
yes Nick the birthday boy pumpkin beer
Oh pie drinks night drinkin beer only in
October yeah Oh October is the greatest
for dark beers like our caffee beers
yeah get yourself a nice
a cool night hang outside yeah see
something like I said I'm September I'm
already looking forward to October
you're getting me looking forward to it
yeah let's get through the summer first
I think we're already past the summer
now it's still pretty hot out today was
nice today was a nice day a little warm
a little warm
oh I think I'm thinking about Halloween
and all that candy I still go
trick-or-treating I don't give a fuck
well you have kids you have an excuse to
go get candy it's fine it's fine I don't
care about candy I don't need much candy
is candy
I like pumpkins I and horror movies I
like peanut butter cups fair enough
that's candy that candy is candy right
yeah
fuck summer junkie oh you're right
that's not sure I like summer too I like
summer cuz you can drink Light beer and
I like winter cuz you can drink dark
beer all the beer all of it all the beer
all the time
Britt you're too good at checkers
there's this YouTube channel one
fascinated with the sky he must have
some kind of autism calls himself
checker cycle and he does checkers
tutorial videos he he talks about the
old-time checkers greats and and he
frames his lessons sometimes as little
stories like grandpa versus the champ
what it's it's fascinating what these
checkers have a strategy
apparently I know you just see you jump
over to ever color no no this this this
chair he's like read all kinds of books
and he shows you fancy jumps oh my oh
man Western or musical too happening I'm
confirming it we're posting it tomorrow
Western bula it'll be it'll be out
slightly before the next big d review
yeah it'll be up tomorrow morning the
Plinkett review will be tomorrow afternoon
yeah you're right actually the Plinkett
review is about the Western Ore Musical, too
yeah no we gotta post that first then
I'll post the Plinkett review of it until
I write if there oh that's a great comin
if there was a last starfighter
equivalent for checkers rich Evans would
save the universe that is a great
comment thank you for that
are you ready motherfucker it's a
quality short yeah that's probably the
best from the 48 hour movies we did as
far as having an actual clever idea and
not just being a bunch of dumb shit I
think yeah there were there were
mistakes made with the great Space Jam
look like the fact that we made the
great Space Jam you know I think for
most for most teams there are set rolls
before before the production
you know like okay person a will write
it person B will act in it person D will
direct and edit it or something like
that yeah that would have been helpful
that's like okay here's 12 people let's
start drinking and talking about what we
should shoot that's where you get the
great Space Jam yeah begin yeah yeah
that that's where the problems began
when we started thinking about what to
make it worked well the years before I
don't think you were there when we were
brainstorming Western or musical were
you no no we're decided the neck movie
shot how meny that's the question is
when you were brainstorming others how
many people were there
um dust foot was probably five or six
people okay Westerner musical was
probably you were there for that one the
brass are mean rich yeah who was there
was it you me Mike was that it do you
think jesse was there no no way how much
her musical though no okay that was um
wait that were just the three remind you
to spend the three dick sealer maybe it
might have been four of us so not as
many but then but then when we did Space
Jam there's like seven eight of us there
was there's you three jesse was there I
was there
Laura story was there is everybody in
the fuck Oh Anne was there Dan was the
firm that YouTube rose and and of course
you know like everyone has their own
ideas and so yeah it was just one of
those things where the lesson learned is
you have your roles have your roles set
out yeah that's fine and that's
everybody coming up with ideas worked
well the years before but that year it
was just I don't know what happened but
the years before there's just the three
of you three four five the first year
the Ducks foot year there was more of us
oh yeah yeah there's five or six of us
but I don't know
No yes all the theme song the theme song
for dust foot and and Western musical
leach I'm at the end credit songs yeah
what was known for Western our musical
no not missing her use ago album dust
foot dust foot and Westerner musical
head songs done by Tom yeah yeah he
didn't need it uh the ank we said make a
song it sounds like this like with a
westerner musical make a song it sounds
like a Rage Against the Machine song
that's hard didn't he slapped it
together and afternoon and it was great
and it's good like that he was good with
those stuff mm-hmm what was that's what
it was that's flood I think we just see
I was just like a metal song yeah it was
western or musical because we wanted it
to end like a wood chomsky Brothers
movie so he said comb with the Rage
Against the Machine song and he did it
yeah that's my favorite part
someone is just quoting the Western art
music oh it's a dance character and Dan
Henderson that's the game he's so gay
their name withheld upon request yeah
where they're not just dumb shit yeah
there's some funny things in it yeah
that's because I was involved in a
planning session it probably helped it's
kind of funny that friendly that's not
true I'm just being an ass though I did
write pyrite is all right baby
okay I didn't sing it very well I wrote
it that was the other fun thing and I
say fun thing meaning not fun is is uh I
was I was brought on later for the
Western armies ago
you guys are like can you make the songs
and I was like yeah sure I could just
try to do something and but then you
guys recorded you recorded you guys
singing with no music we just filmed us
singing where you just filmed you
singing with no music
click track no no editing right and
you're like can you make a song out of
this and I was like I don't think and so
they turned out I mean wonderfully slow
down the footage to match any sort of
beep yep yeah yep and then like for the
one song the the the the prostitute song
it was just like this is not gonna work
at all rich saying sounds like guys I'm
just overdubbing rich and that's the
joke now yeah man terrible some funny
stuff though I'm foxdie all right whoa
he rejects my draw offer Oh does it yeah
there's no way that's gonna end anything
other than a draw you can't corner
neither of us could encourage other oh
he just left
Hey yeah I guess the draw wasn't manly
enough you just abandon the game okay
I'll take a victory wound that's fine
take a victory over a drop
woman please rich sing for us no pyrite
is all right by me so can I remember the
song pyrite is all right by me it might
not be salt and pepper oh is that just
we couldn't come up with anything more
clever we looked up things about pyrite
we wanted like facts yeah yeah but there
are no interesting facts about a pyro
pyrite is not right by me they don't get
the bitches you see yeah you might kept
adding too many words to the lyrics it's
getting this all wrong
Gold is bad I think some people were
upset by this greening this money it's
all true it's all true about plenty
right everything they say about buyer is
true yeah and then Mike was so convinced
Mike was so convinced that like the way
you guys shot and recorded it like no no
because we recorded it like songs so you
can just the song like through songs
underneath and it'll sound great nothing
that's not how singing with no music
behind it to keep in a rhythm right yeah
that was that was a fun edit again came
down to the wire
yeah every 48 hour movie we did we
turned it in in like the last minute
that it was due mmm-hmm just does the 48
hour film festival still happen yeah
they still do it every year after the
great Space Jam though I was done was
like we do so much other video stuff now
this just feels like more work I mean we
should do it again
I don't know about that just one more
time
just see what happened maybe one year
we'll do it in ten years in ten years
it's still going we'll do it in the ten
year anniversary of the Great Space Jam
okay we'll make the Great Space Jam - no
matter what genre will still be the
great Space Jam - but goes fishing - yep
even if it's like if its historical
it'll be about like jamming your toe in
the space between two pieces of wood and
that's the great Space Jam - well no if
it has to be historical will be about
the people that created the Great Space
Jam website because that was in the past
and ten years from now it'll be even
further in the past that's it you're
right and so that's what it is you're
totally right what's with the what what
what just trying to read that trying to
read the cams the cams I think you guys
should randomly make short films for the
site again if we had time we would make
more that's the thing is making stuff
takes time
yeah we're making a feature right now in
addition to everything else so maybe
when that's done we'll do something and
that's gonna be done so tomorrow the
Western Ore Musical - comes out in the
morning yes
Plinkett review we think like eleven
twelve is yeah early afternoon at the
latest early afternoon sure yeah sure
depending I mean you know it takes a
while for YouTube to process right and
at night the space cop for me are on the
website tomorrow night tomorrow night
yeah so you get the they got a three for
it tomorrow guys tune in to weird lunar
Maria org red-letter me at that corn dog
corn dog corn man that Roger Corman
don't forget gorilla interrupted -
gorilla interrupted to close the tag
line oh you have one you had one last
time
oh wait a got interrupted that's
actually going to be the one who talked
about making oh yeah they're not
interrupt got incorporated we're just
gonna keep the initials we're gonna
change the title oh that's funny that's
funny
why do you keep asking me if I want to
pick papers please no I already did that
look Jack let's get back on cat you know
what I did what I think that's a done
track sure bed-wetter pd m dot corn oh
oh yes yes thank you thank you cold ham
Hannigan also confirmed for tomorrow
half-life 3 oh yeah they've been working
on the engine they had us they have we
actually made it
they have returned I need consult I
don't want to say we made we consulted
on how my folks said three and uh yeah
coming out tomorrow that's gonna be late
late evening tomorrow the half-life 3
the notoriously delayed a half-life game
oh so it's a recap in the morning
western our musical early afternoon to
afternoon the next liquor review evening
space cop late evening or early evening
if you're on the west coast half-life
episode three number three there's gonna
be a big day tomorrow guys
