Episode 066
VVVVVV - so many Vs (Part 2)
September 29, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glthN7Hv_U8
___________________________________________

and ditch our people just upset because
I call the solo treatment so they didn't
tune in until now and they realize that
you're here I know I and they say oh
crap this is actually something I want
hole yes I am I am skyping Jack this
dream brought to you by Skype
this is terrifying yes I would be boring
solo I would I would probably be quiet
and focused on the game which is what
happens words well you know again with
like with this one you know I can Skype
in on yours too should I ever do one
and sing
should you ever do it we're working on
it people we are working out there oh
crap oh crap
oh crap this is such a great game
that's what I got to talk about and I
had something that I wanted to talk
about oh you know what we were talking
about the other day about the most
memorable scores oh yeah yeah someone
brought up the fact that there hasn't
been a great memorable score to a movie
since Jurassic Park that was me
something I something I noticed lately
well yeah and I there hasn't been a
movie in a long time where I found
myself like humming theme afterwards
okay
and so my counter claim even though
obviously the movie is terrible I really
think that dual love fades from episode
1 the Phantom Menace is a great score
song I know people like it I don't I
don't think it really fits in that well
with the every other Star Trek
soundtrack that's ever existent
Star Wars metric it's like this weird
thing with singing in in shoved it in
with all the rest of the orchestral
soundtrack it's weird to be talking to
the wife today asking her the same
question she had a very good thought
which is the Harry Potter series
okay Harry Potter series has a very
unique and memorable score I think I
know how that I haven't really seen one
of the movies so uh yeah and I can't do
it now because I can't sing in general
so I will not be treating the audience I
will still argue that that memorable
scores are where the oh of course
okay Lewis I will never argue that
they're rarer it's like it's like you
get the classic 1989 Batman theme which
of course and then we'll using the Dark
Knight movies what let's think the
original bad Macedo and the new one is
just not bad music it's just generic
orchestral soundtrack music yeah
every generic yeah and then you were
mentioning like not even being able to
remember like spider-man theme song no
gonna Raimi's spider-man I can't
remember I can't know and I agree with
you that's Danny Elfman who did the
fucking Batman the original Batman Yeah
right he ripped his work off from Batman
and he took all of the character out of
it yeah yeah I'm with you I'm I'm a
hundred percent way there haven't I been
here already
apparently now oh shit okay I have to
survive or 60 seconds I'm under this I
remember this
this is gonna this is gonna cause some
headaches in your engine okay here we go
doesn't look that bad so far not
terrible
something oh my god yeah that gets a
little nuts gets a little nuts does it
save every ten seconds five okay
what is everybody I was gonna say just
follow them but they start coming
through the other side but strategy
won't work jesus fucking christ
Oh
okay okay okay this is gonna happen this
is gonna happen I got this no no don't
got it don't get it off I tried doing
something really clever as it turns out
it killed me really quickly anyway to
keep talking about like scores and
whatnot it's not like I haven't enjoyed
scores I think Jay and I have mentioned
both of our loves for like the Tron
score yeah yeah which is great but you
know what not memorable you you're not
how it's not one iconic theme right from
that soundtrack yeah yeah
you're not humming it the next day and
it's like right I don't think about what
was the movie with the Big Macs they
fight monsters the Big Macs bit of the
Big Macs that fight mine Oh Pacific Rim
yeah another one another one I haven't
seen I'm a weirdo I haven't seen a lot
of movies
or like a
okay
I did it I did it hurry hurry for me
this this first came up I was like a few
weeks ago I just started having the back
the future soundtracks oh yeah
and I haven't done that with modern
movies now is that the question is is it
just because you're an old man and
you're remembering things from your
childhood it's possible I'm could be I
usually don't embrace nostalgia so III
can't embrace change I don't I don't
think the problem is me like that
I don't think the problems maybe I think
I give new things a chance okay I'll
believe you
I believe you because I have no reason
not to how about that okay
how about that I think I need to go in
here and use a teleporter
the problem is never rich Evans no no
never and anyone who says otherwise is
blasphemous
to
shit all right
maybe I'm not supposed to be here this
doesn't feel right
something doesn't feel right
sorry I'm just checking in on the chat
here your sting going on a bunch of
quotes huh who's quoting one Lourdes
Lourdes Oh Rick this Lord of the Rings
have a score I've seen all of those
movies I can't think of specifically any
notes right yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm right here yeah and this isn't
necessarily saying that a theme ass on
track or a theme or whatever is bad just
not memorable
yeah that's stuck in your head 20 years
later like so many of them like like
Superman like Jurassic Park like Batman
like and I can't say it's all John
Williams Studios back to the future
sure sure Batman Danny Oldman you know
I'm agreeing with you I'm including you
know terminator did it up terminator had
a great time yep yeah
and that's that orchestral or anything
you know like that'sthat's its own thing
it's highly memorable and soundtrack
from the movie not an individual song
yeah I'm with you I'm with you you wee
the gladiator themed rich I can't
remember the gladiator thing yes yes
ghostbusters even outside of the Ray
Parker jr. song fucking awesome
soundtrack that fits that movie
perfectly
what's the score there but the
Ghostbusters yeah just what do you mean
what's the score what's the I
I can't home things da da da da da da da
da da da da da da
yeah over there
being afraid no ghosts oh great no fear
vehicle
somebody to enrich efforts please not
gonna happen jack is tried he has tried
I remember the Western or musical you
did everything you possibly could
hi Ryan is all right by me right no
there was the one that I did completely
over dumb because I couldn't fix your
voice and oh oh yeah the rocks one if I
want to get your rocks off or whatever
it is yeah yeah you were you were so you
were so off it's terrible what it is you
were so terrible that I there was no
even salvaging it I couldn't I couldn't
get it around how bad your voice and so
it's like okay I guess the joke here is
that it's an obvious overdub that's a
joke now or else we just don't do this
on
oh man
a musical whose idea was it to do a
musical I blame it sounds like your idea
it's half my fault
we picked their theme out of a hat and
then we didn't like it it was what if
some we got before us a Corrigan or
something right is science fiction again
it was it was a repeat okay so we picked
again and when you pick again it's a
harder topic Oh Western or musical like
oh and then Mike had the joke of doing
Western or musical ort right so it's
Mike's fault okay
I'm comfortable blaming Mike what when
are we gonna do a No More Heroes stream
soon I hope yeah well you know what
we'll do we'll do it no more here a
stream or maybe we'll maybe we talked
about no more heroes for a game blip as
well yeah yeah I don't know I don't know
we just did I know how that turned out
we didn't test uh I have I have not
looked at those at all yet okay okay I
got the feeling it's gonna be too
similar to the streams to to be worth
being its own thing that I will see
though we'll see III will give it I will
give it an all I think actually I'll be
able to get to that this week when you
have time I know why we're still gonna
do guacamelee oh yeah
which I do own I don't know if I should
wait to play it until we we film yeah I
want to get your reactions there we go I
will hold off it I'm just like you're
not playing that the other day
Wow hold off hold yourself for Germans
have have you guys ever played mark of
the ninja yes yeah it's awesome yeah
there's nothing else that needs to be
said I know we talked a bit about I
don't that got cut out of the discussion
for invisible ink but we talked about it
a little bit not much not much it's just
it's it's a fantastic game i I don't
know if we can recommend mark of the
ninja uh no no
oh god I have to do here the only way to
win is not to play yeah mark of the
ninja is a fantastic stealth game
everyone everyone should play and if
you're into its it's basically Metro
Metroid game if instead of shooting
aliens you have to be sneaky
you're pure excellently done stealth in
2d shockingly excellently done stealth
is what he said it sounded like you said
accidentally done stealth no no
excellent excellent fully done which I
don't think it's it's the best stealth
game ever made and I love the thief
games Oh commentary oh I can't even
touch the building social commentary off
I must be getting close to something
here oh there's a guy my guy laughs oh
that kills me okay that's fine
what is that Ellucian that's it's
pollution its social commentary
something interesting around here more
upscale someone from the shit must be
nearby how great thank you
am I supposed to go then somewhere so
I'm supposed to go somewhere absolutely
oh I'm not supposed to go back
yeah
this looks like a new area
let's go this way fuck fuck
welcome to the fuck stream Oh actually a
lot more people I think we're tuned in
for that the pornography joke bridge
these are the jokes I'm skimming the
chatter oh okay do games like divinity
or Shadowrun have too many cutscenes
I haven't played either yeah it's one of
those things I'm you know I know I'm
speaking in the minority here but
cutscenes to me are a necessary evil and
I'm not even sure they're that necessary
if I'm engaged in the story they can be
as long as they want alright I guess
that's fair
I wish that no more heroes cutscenes
were longer
pin all right I mean I guess it's fair
it's just what
what cut seams cut seams to cut two
scenes to me seem like the remnant of a
remnant of people not understanding how
to make video games you know
oh damn jack damn yeah yeah I'm saying
no it's it's just a node tool it's not
the way every game should or has to do
it but oh oh I know this is here it is
here it is guys I hate RTS games I'm not
condemning the genre you're free to like
them but I personally don't enjoy them
bridge take a look on the screen and
take a look about and what I'm about to
fall through okay this right here as you
see you the one of the genius always I
am is where I am right now I can't jump
past this so I need to go any of this I
need to go through that entire labyrinth
and then remember to land on the other
side of this thing it's gonna be the
greatest I remember this puzzle I just
remember an existing this one we might
have to do this one
you know yes I have played both No More
Heroes I know a lot of people shit on No
More Heroes too but I fucking love them
both you can try one I'm Way faster
anyone know I did well yeah and from my
perspective I was sure yeah no I'm just
I'm so fucked i I don't enjoy RTS is
because with strategy games I like to
take my time and think about what I'm
doing now you can't do that with an RTS
you you have to you have to multitask
everything you're doing and I can't
stand it
okay it's Court this Court is bothered
okay I also sorry good no no I was just
talking you go ahead okay I I also don't
like an RTS games how how disposable all
these units are like an X come you just
get so attached to each and every
individual soldier you have you you
can't do that in RTS okay I'm done
well that's kind of the joy of XCOM is
making you like rank these troops up so
you do get attached to them whereas in
an RTS game yeah it's just such a
quadrant
3,000
I'm totally gonna do this
maybe I mean I get no I'm saying this is
the rest of the stream until I do this
just to finally answer their question
cuz I'm sick of saying it I not sleep I
have not played cave story
have you played cave story Jack I have
fucking story oh you have okay well
somebody desperately wants to hear
somebody's thoughts on cave story it's
fine it's there you have it I I just
played it recently and I know like cave
story has a bunch of hype around it and
I just played it recently and because of
all the hype was rather underwhelmed as
it's a very simple action platformer if
it billed itself as kind of a an indie
Metroidvania type of game which of
course I loved but it's there it's a
very straightforward action platformer
there's nothing there is nothing
Metroidvania about it I my categories
Metroidvania as
exploration and there was no exploration
about it it was just a pretty
straightforward action but which is fine
it's a fine game what I didn't know is
that it was a very early and sorry
oh sorry well I'm so like at the time it
was apparently pretty revolutionary
because no indie game had been that
ambitious before but it's fine it's it's
just fine now that we're used to indie
games being the most spectacular thing
in the world it's it's a little
underwhelming but it's fine you know
that's it it's weird to me that it's
called Metroidvania cuz when I think of
Castlevania I think of the first one
yeah which is very linear I don't think
there's any exploration in that game
sure sure I suppose that's that's just
the kind of cement to be play style
science crawling action I think of
Castlevania and Metroid is being very
different but I'm not that familiar with
some of the later castlevanias so you
know it's yeah okay you know what I'll
be with you I guess that's just what the
genre is called so that's what I've
always called it
the Castlevania news
that's just what that's just the Jean
that's was the name of the genre so
that's what I called it yeah I don't
know Cape story I have kick-started Plus
and played it and beat it and I think
it's fine but like I said I was
expecting some I was expecting an NB gem
and so it was a matter of expectations
for me and so my expectations I was
disappointed somebody is trying to
deliberately rile me up and I'm just not
taking not taking the bait indie games
are only popular because of the placebo
effect whatever okay thank you for your
opinion sir
you're doing great jack your bitter
tears delicious hasn't said that the
whole time I haven't I haven't noticed
oh did it crack that a crash after you
did it or something no I ran into the
I'm still going I had to put my
controller down I made it all the way
back to this level and I hit the spikes
you're the one who wants to son
collecting all of the glowing round
things well this is the thing this this
is those are optional though right what
you're doing is all for an optional
thing okay this whole thing is optional
but this this platforming puzzle in
specific is is the thing that I feel
like I have to do to prove myself as a
man I prove your worth
yes you're worth to the tribe absolutely
I get it I get it
somebody says I believe in you Packard
that over thank you whoever said that
just as you say that I die
ha ha ha
thank you for believing me than me thank
you for believing in me that helps oh
Jesus it helps because I want you're
gonna see in a second it's great someone
in the chat is asking if I like any of
this civilization games and I do I am I
do I don't know I mean there there are
there are a nice lark I've never played
any of them seriously but I'll pick one
up every once in a while just to make a
Gandhi fight Abraham Lincoln any time
Gandhi can find Abraham Lincoln and you
know it's a good believe it or not for
somebody who likes turn-based strategy I
haven't really played any of the
Civilization games
really yeah when those were when those
were first coming out I was probably too
busy playing Master of Orion which I was
basically addicted to Master of Orion 1
& 2 okay it's like what do I care about
civilization when I can make a galactic
fuck I'm not against civilization I
should play them I would probably love
it oh yeah I just I just have it oh yeah
I think it really wouldn't
oh I get it
I get it I get what's happening here
figuring stuff out
figuring the stuff now I don't think I'm
any closer to getting this some other
people are telling you to play
civilization 5 and someone else said
rich don't you'll just lose two years of
your life
we should play actually we should do
that for a group stream they'd be really
fun to play a civilization game twitch
twitch plays Pokemon is here I know
you're a fan Jack Pokemon
welcome I'm a van you've ruined twitch
congratulations because now there's fish
place Pokemon so look what you did
okay
we should do say I have a civilization
someone gifted me a civilization I think
somebody gave me four haven't gotten
around to it yet I know I have so many
games now I apologize but I haven't
gotten around all of it that's the
problem what's the problem he just can't
talk I think I remember how to do this
one you have to hit this checkpoint and
then go all the way around and break the
little bar up here and then die so you
get resurrected back to this checkpoint
you'll see in a second okay
everything's fucked
but everything sometimes is a little
fuck didn't did you know that rich
everything starts from a little fuck
everything sometimes a big one
once again the genius man you keep just
like no one else
look what you're breaking up on me Jack
I'm on his internet going down can you
hear me now
rich
rich rich Evans oh no there's a problem
with the call you guys just heard that
there was a problem with the column hold
on they're gonna try to get it back I
hope you're hearing des the internet is
closing rich although I'm gonna hang out
you guys are just hung up on Reggie
we're gonna get him back I wonder if
there's a I wonder if there's a call
limit on skype calls money internet hold
on I'm gonna check on my internet I'm
good
internet connection problem there's a
problem with the internet connection
between you two
Jack this room am i a quick change the
stream name so no one thinks there's no
column in on skype that's good to know
that's inna one that's good to know
we'll see if rich can come back I guess
I'm just gonna play vvvvvv for a little
while and see if rich calls me all right
I don't do this man I'm not like that
not like that at all okay let's let's
try calling rich again
okay someone's having internet problems
and I'm gonna go ahead and blame rich
because my internet is fine so we're
just gonna give this a little second
we're gonna give rich some time
nope we're gonna get rich a little time
nope okay this is just how we're doing
it now that's fine and that's fine damn
it
mm damn and there's rich still Machat if
rich got kicked out of the chat too then
it's definitely his internet thing
moving too slow
nope yes rich just texted me
his internet has died r.i.p riches
internet okay
I'm gonna figure this out figure this
out
can't hit that checkpoint can't head
these checkpoints
dammit dammit
rich is resetting his router to get back
to us people cuz when it's just me that
can get a little boring sometimes and I
I feel that yo I feel that Damon
Congrats to whoever round him up yeah
someone it was someone whoever was
talking shit about indie games riled
rich up so much that his internet
disconnected congratulations oh my god
and because we now rich is gone rich is
my spirit animal
I mean I should know that about me
because he's gone my vvvv skills have
diminished significantly
rich should be all of our spirit animals
if rich is not your spirit animal you
need to re-evaluate your life that's
just a real thing that needs to happen
oh oh my god
you gotta fight I'm seeing this but rich
just rich yeah did you get so angry at
whoever was making fun of indie games
that you killed your internet people
were very concerned we were starting we
were starting a memorial a memorial for
your internet do you do what you gotta
do that would have been a perfect time
to take a break sure sure that's fine
that is absolutely fine I think I'm just
gonna get this um after this trinket I'm
gonna take a break as well I will tell
you that but I can't get the stream back
up oh that's weird
yeah huh
wait oh yeah come back I'm out of sing
stream oh okay okay great great you're
seeing stream yeah I'm just gonna go for
this one last trinket here shit I've
been dying a lot since you've been gone
as I was explaining to everyone you're
my spirit animal okay
and so when you left it kind of left a
hole in my heart yeah and and so I
started performing really poorly you
were doing poorly when I was here and
that's why you're my spirit animal
because of the confidence you give me
oh because I have to not touch the
checkpoints if I want to get the trinket
that's the that's the trick with this
one you see that blue bar up there I
need to I need to make the blue bar
disintegrate then kill myself on spikes
and respawn at this checkpoint so I can
use the blue bar to get past these
spikes okay okay because of insanity so
you have to get through all of the
challenges without touching the
checkpoints and actually like these
challenges are fine without testing
these checkpoints it's these that are
really tough because they're moving
platforms in in response to a question
Master of Orion one and two firmly two
they're both fine oh they're fine what
kind of game is Master of Orion I've
I've never played it or heard of it okay
I did it okay here we go you pick a race
and you can be an alien or human and
there's a bunch of different races and
you start researching technology to
build ships and then you build ships and
then you explore nearby planets and then
you can build colonies and then you can
build more ships then you build more
colonies and then you meet other races
and you can set up trade with them or
you can start wars with them or you can
do espionage with them and steal their
technology it's it's it's a Forex game
okay I'm with you I feel that
I got into though you can you can custom
design individual ships I'm quite fond
of the ship combatant to which is why I
favor it to one well I like the tech
tree more in one Jack I'm sure you're
just like what the fuck is he talking
about
ah I honestly have no idea that's fine
oh I got our last crew member well that
was nice you're my job I think they're
having trouble hearing me everyone in
the chat keeps saying speak up Rich's
volume is low when Jax is high yes some
kind of problem with my voice your
volume should be uh hold on let me put
on my other headphones here let's see
here mm-hmm what are the four X's mean
let's see if I can remember Explorer
exploit exterminate
I don't I don't know Explorer exploit
exterminate damn it hahaha dammit I know
this we're gonna we're gonna go on
another half an hour and I'm just gonna
suddenly yell out somebody's son at the
chance dammit I saw it I didn't want to
see it expand yeah you didn't if you did
if you didn't type that in the chat you
would have an amused half an hour ago
and I just yelled out expand absolutely
no good reason you ruined it
Oh sound fix someone says great and
actually I think this is the final
levels here I guess I want to keep going
oh we've been streaming it down an hour
45 okay I'm gonna start eating cereal
starting on the start eating cereal but
eat cereal away from the microphone
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna lift
my my my my cup I think I'm gonna beat
the game I didn't know this was that
short of a game I played it in spurts
now is that sure but that's fine I mean
shit
Lucky Charms I didn't I didn't see it in
the chat I just love that you just
randomly so in my mind you just randomly
said Lucky Charms two percent
I
really
she's getting active in facts so real
that I can no longer comprehend what's
happening how much more you had to go
I haven't almost there I think this is
the final stage because I rescued all my
crew and then I got transported here and
I think I remember this being the final
stage II I'm just all so out of
brainpower okay
and so
oh my god so much brain
you know because you're you're bouncing
below the screen and then popping up
above the screen it requires for what
should be a pretty simple platformer it
requires a large amount of brain
uh-huh
oh my god this is making me a little
motion sick
I feel good about this feel good about
this no didn't feel good about this
I didn't I didn't feel good enough about
a rich Jesus fuckin Christ
what is happening here you have to fall
through the thing yeah it looks simple
just do it I can't just do it jack
hey go got faltered thing
ability generator right tabling the
dimensional stability generator may lead
to instability I can show you what to do
this agent if we get married you can't
be a husband at all
not at all people are asking about
marrying me okay yeah it says your
answer yes I don't know right they have
to find a way to be a wife I'm sorry
that's just non-negotiable you don't
have to apologize I mean I that's fair
you know that's the to you is
shit
oh my god so much dying
so much time
so much dang so much dang don't know if
I can do this
bust for gaming Street kharid Damon
I think I figured it out right don't
worry about it I got it covered
what I believe that's all take sometimes
that's all it takes
all day
touchdown bear sweet no I'm night game
they're playing 49ers I have no concept
of football or sport in general I just
don't I don't get sport do you not root
for the Packers like everybody else up
there no no I don't really I don't watch
sports but I'm the only person I know I
get you know what I get all my grocery
shopping on Sunday and do my yard work
and and everyone else is watching the
backroom it's really great
no Milwaukee Wisconsin in general
there's a ghost town on Packer days so I
just get all the stuff I want to get
done
without having to worry about seeing
anyone
I never said I hated the football I'm
just not a huge fan I'm more of a
baseball guy that's right and you like
minor league baseball too oh it's great
you get front-row seats for like five
bucks and the thing with minor league
baseball the fact that it's minor-league
and they're actually kind of bad makes
the games more exciting this is it any
moment somebody could drop the ball and
then Lord knows what the fuck's gonna
happen next
well some of them are there it's
actually trained for the majors and so
there probably is like a different level
of trying there are many different
levels the double-a triple-a independent
so there's there's different levels of
bad though enough Schaumburg Flyers the
Windy City Thunder balls that's mighty
endemic Crestwood Illinois Windy City
Thunderbolts I went to an away playoff
game of theirs in Rockford and damn that
was a good time huh I highly recommend
going to it away game and being an
asshole are you rooting for the wrong
team and and and talking shit so you can
see that okay here's the thing with the
minor-league you get you know five or
ten dollars seat front row when you
insult the players they hear it
I'm I'm that I've hit I've heard guys
glare at people as they're walking back
to the dugout and it's a spy
I am confirmed as a baseball troll
but only if they can hear you right it
feels better when they
it feels better when they it feels
better when they hear you insult them
returns
yeah oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap oh
crap oh crap oh crap oh crap
you'll see in a second wrench
another one of those scrolling levels
and it is fucking my world right now
Kimmi okay I am officially done with my
cereal
congratulations what was it again Lucky
Charms generic lucky charms
I didn't even spring for the name-brand
I think that's okay
it felt this sugar at that point it's a
the honest truth I actually like the
generic better taste wise so that's fair
that's fair
pick one
I feel I feel like I'm not playing a
game anymore
but I'm gonna be 100% honest with you I
feel like I'm just watching a collection
of lights which of course I am
are you brain-dead I'm a little
brain-dead in the best in the best way
I'm just so so on
on this damn game
do you need a break or without actually
hurt because you're in the zone
yeah that might hurt at this point and I
think I'm close enough to the end where
I don't want to
yeah you'd want to start fresh
a new game just purely thinking about
the breaking it up on YouTube later
it'll be a hassle which I know is a
really bad excuse to keep playing button
I am liking I can do this I can do this
I can get back into it I can get back up
did you see me die I saw well I'm ICU
dialogic Chief Justice Taft I am here to
support you Jack do it for me Thank You
chief Chief Justice Taft thank you
because I have your support I feel like
I can do it now of course it's just not
true it's not true you're not Chief
Justice Taft I don't feel like I can do
it with your support you know there's so
many things not a fuck you fuck you
spike fuck you I was there
fuck fuck fuck fuck we'll get it someday
I will
okay
this is the most insidious one because
it breaks up when you can jump and when
it's a trampoline and so your thumb
actually relaxes your jumping thumb
relaxes and that's when your that's when
you have a problem because you need that
jumping thumb there we go there we go I
fuck you I did it I fucking did it I
know what your problem is - what you're
thinking of it doesn't jump it's fault
it's not a jump
well you know what I mean you know with
the trampolines you don't
I'm like Jesus Christ yeah wait to see
this this is a fuck right here this has
to be the end yeah this is definitely
unless it was just that trinket would
you would you kill somebody if that was
the case oh my god I'm just floating in
outer space
oh I only found 13 out of 20 trinkets
but I'm okay with that I'm okay with
that too Jack you all right you beat
vvvvvv by getting sucked out the space
tears you're what I can only assume is
your doom yes okay gimpy our one and
only month your mud and octo Jay's a mod
but sir Jim P was our first so he will
forever be our one and only
I'm a terrible mod technically I'm a
much wait I'm sure if I press action to
continue is there more to the story
correction that's blown out yes yes it's
a date a quote from Star Trek I am no I
don't see what happens Oh
oh here comes the the onslaught of
demands to see FTL don't forget fucking
won't don't think hey rich
I made it back to my crew okay obviously
they saw you jump out into space like an
idiot and they rescued you yes
oh this is great and then some text that
I'm gonna skip oh my god they go I'm
crazy with the FTL now oh yes yeah I
know I know that's good I didn't I
really just thought I'd be playing
around for a little bit I did not think
you could beat the game this quickly I'm
sure there are speedruns but Terry
Cavanagh everyone be nice to Terry
Cavanagh he's the greatest guy I really
enjoyed his game
you should you should look up a speedrun
I'm gonna I'm gonna bet you to cry it's
gonna be like 20 minutes oh god no I'm
sure it's like 10 minutes right
yeah we're gonna play a new game I'm
gonna let the credits roll because all
these nice people made this game happy
and we just be appreciative of it that's
a fine thing to do isn't it yes isn't it
I you know whatever ever since I started
watching movies like really watching
movies I always stayed through the
credits well I think tech fully Jack
credits our cutscene our credits a
cutscene
I tell ya sure know their credits I'm
done playing now they know I'm done
playing now alright oh wait what's this
I don't allow since I've played
it's a cute thing there's a cute thing
coming up oh I could finish shovelknight
I think I only have a couple levels of
jump oh well that's not a bad idea
that's not a bad idea you're probably
right right it's you not equal cuts in
every game is allowed something before
the game starts and when the game is
over it's cut see it's a good scene if
you want to keep exploring the games
that continue from the main menu ooh
I've unlocked time trials I've unlocked
flipmode intermission levels oh man
okay all right guys we're gonna take an
official break this is what's gonna
happen we're gonna take an official
break and I'm gonna go refill my water
and I'll be back in a second rich
yes I'll be around you'll be around do
you want me to keep you on do you want
to keep talking everyone uh no I'm gonna
take a break too