Episode 084
Guacamelee - No Death Attempt (Part 1.2)
October 20, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTVApyEBl9c
___________________________________________

reminder I feel enriched I feel and I
need no deadline then good is me
bringing up your know there from its
liking you had it all yeah yeah I've
made it further mess this is a fucking
volcano
it's gonna get me yeah yeah all right
great as a reminder to all I was
watching this is Rich's attempt at a
guacamelee no different
and if reminder
I mean there's those platforming blips
have already had like three of those
sure are but that doesn't count because
there's no scone
hey I know I know it's against getting
technical yeah but well yeah we
established that rule before we start I
tried to avoid those and I just fucked
up yeah I'm excited to play as everyone
in Spanish in the new smash brothers I
I'm really excited to play as Mega Man
III don't really play smash but I hear
complaints that little Mac is
overpowered no underpowered he can't
jump well Mac well Matt can't Joan no
air attack I'd want to play as little
mac because a little Mac his little back
absolutely I'm excited you know what I'm
excited for all the build your own
character stuff I think that's the most
exciting you can play you can make your
own fighters as knees and give them what
game like Smash Brothers and not want to
play as one of the characters because
you can make any character you want as a
me no no but like these can be anything
you can make Abraham laughs and remember
you remember they made Abraham Lincoln
that was a big day
Abraham Lincoln could fight Gandhi and
doesn't excite me at all not that I'm
not that I'm in like a smash fan in the
first place it's fine it's fine it's
gonna be great it's gonna be one of
those games where if you like Super
Smash Brothers you're gonna like it
maybe you know you're gonna feel I have
to that adores it going into I thought
it was already it's out for the 3ds okay
the Wii U version is not how similar are
they going to be almost exactly except
for graphics really yes also there have
been reports of people oh oh no oh no
there have been reports of people
breaking their 3ds playing the game
overuse yeah overuse overuse of the
because the 3ds has a weird joystick
yeah
and so people you know are abusing it
abusing the joystick popping it right
off well sounds like a fantastic piece
of hardware it breaks when you use it
yeah yeah you gotta watch out for those
people that are abusing the joystick
that's a joke welcome to Jay Jay's
masturbation gym here with you every
night I wish everyone could have seen
richest face when I made that joke or a
lack of expression on his face I say you
can't just watch the video rich watch
just the Robocop trailer that's the same
expression I thought that was pretty
good
personally wish my job it was like oh my
is it work we're going back to that
there's a little obvious what it was
yes smash is gonna be great you know
i-i've always enjoyed the smash series
so I'm looking forward to it I think
part of the fun is these weird fighters
like the like the Wii Fit trainer is a
fighter this time that's gonna be
fucking weird and it's gonna be great
you just once you start playing and keep
playing you pick the weirdest fighter
you can I loved playing with Rob cameo
in smash 4 Hall just could get weird
moveset like this is the Pope I think
the pokemon trainer is not there anymore
I really like playing pokemon trainer I
thought he was he was super awesome
because you would play as three
different Pokemon and I know this is
important for Jay and rich because
they're selling two Pokemon like I am
but normally in Smash you know you're
the fighter but you play as the trainer
and you send out your Pokemon to fight
for you choose between three different
Pokemon that has three different moves
yeah this is exhilarating yeah it is it
was superheated so like the strategy
there was strategy involved with how you
used and it was it was fun okay it was
fun dip I am NOT the biggest hipster
ever does it does it matter
no is the answer I like the things that
I like I don't like the things that I
don't well ii-i've met hipsters you are
not a hipster Jeff no good thanks Jay
rich called me a hipster that was for
Josh for coming yeah but it still
stopped I mean it means that there's
clearly a rift between the two of you in
real life that's it's gotta mean that
right absolutely it couldn't just be
that we're trying to be funny yeah he
called me a hipster you flipped me off
it's done I'm leaving done I'm leaving
the red letter media community never to
be heard from again
dad has been excommunicated by all his
opinions on Theodore - yep for no other
reason Whoopi Goldberg Whoopi always
breaking up communities we almost we
almost kicked out Jack it was close
well I am just upset that you destroyed
those tapes we destroyed two copies wait
we had to kick my god of red letter
media a couple days ago oh no what did
he do you just keep cross the line cross
the line I can't even talk about it oh
my god I thought your head you turns a
joke but what the joke is the joke is
he's not gonna be in any more videos oh
yeah we kicked him out of red letting me
know sure that works no more serious
business you're playing the game I
thought it was a very nice destruction I
enjoyed watching like Richard measure
but we oh yeah we're gonna do still be
dinosaur related and we couldn't come up
with anything so we have two copies
maybe I mean maybe you could have asked
me but then I would have told you not to
destroy you're out of town when we shot
that oh yeah plus we then the episode is
awesome all three of us voting to
destroy it
did you yes have you know watch the
episode you lived it it's okay I lived
it no we say who wants to destroy this
and all three of us hold our hands I
only launched the first half I see okay
so you voted to destroy it yes all right
that's fine that's fine or whatever just
a matter of it are you ever gonna watch
it again I'm sure I'm sure it exists
somewhere else well we have a digital
copy oh oh that's true oh wait no we
don't we destroy it we watched it on DVD
originally and we destroyed the DVD yeah
are you selling digital Fabio
oh yeah I would have to you have to I
know what I'm doing I'm glad
jessie is the bestower Island person
you're correct she should have been part
of the stream before before you got here
just play an FTL on my own yeah she was
saying such adorable things FTL waved
when you go into the end there in the
camera saying why are you fighting the
medicines you have a man is crew member
why do you talk of the medicine
questions I enjoyed it it should have
been a part of the stream is what I'm
saying I agree for about an hour and 11
minutes oh that's all that's all feels
like forever
Jay do you feel like telling people how
you rip content from VHS tapes uh like
the process of doing it yeah someone
someone asked how you how you get it
from a VHS um well there's the way we do
it is a little or not okay but there's
easier ways to do it now it's a little
complicated
yeah we need to update our process but
no we have a DVD recorder so we and
that's the VCRs hooked into that so we
record it as we're playing the VHS tape
and then I ripped that DVD there's
easier ways to do it than we will update
our process eventually what are the
easier ways to do one of the easier ways
to do it is to use the capture device
that we are currently streaming from
right now yes we're figuring it out guys
old habits they die hard it's true
that's the things like this is the way
we've done it from the start so it's
like I'm used to this process you know I
just keep doing it that way
absolutely but ya know doing it where it
just goes straight to a digital file is
the smarter way to do it and we will
start doing that eventually for for
prereq we have a hope hope capture
device that we capture all the game
footage from that's what we're doing
right now we're running an HDMI cable
out of Rich's computer in
to my hauppage and that's over streaming
from and if the workflow gets simple
enough I believe I'm gonna try to talk
James to implementing it into VHS cancer
yeah because if you have to file the
laquet rows and before NPR okay
and before so you can or I don't know if
that works the final cut um I would
probably convert it to a different file
format just so it matches the frame rate
and everything sure watching footage
yeah but you can record it out whatever
frame right okay but but then if you
want to like convert into pro res just
very easy then yeah that's probably I
would do yeah but yeah it starts off
digital that way super yeah and then it
also just records however you play it so
if we ever felt like pausing it it would
still sync up later
you did it rich good congratulations how
pouch is easy to spell Thank You Billy
hecka for spelling it out for people
there are there are other capture
devices this one was seen to be the most
reasonable the only the only big issue
is it works best with Windows and so I
had to dual boot by max to really use it
which isn't a big deal because I needed
to do that anyway to play a bunch of the
games that we play but it does have a
Mac capture stuff the black magic black
magic has a couple really awesome max
capture devices that work natively with
but they're significantly more expensive
something Mac related being more
expensive what are you talking about
thanks for picking up on that joke
there's everybody bored of watch me play
the show does that happen it's a nothing
can't be this is a great who's bored of
this nobody a good looking game make the
graphics game I have the sound
everything's great someone was given a
shit on the YouTube for us complaining
about the lack of visual differences
yeah fighting in different colored boxes
joke yeah which I thought I still see
it's true it's very true and they were
saying that you know it's not about it's
not about the visual differences in
inspire the Fighting's that which we
also said we love yeah but that doesn't
mean that you look look you're just in a
purple box right now this room is
slightly different because there's buzz
saws in your box that doesn't mean I
hate the game life this is my kids play
through right right
that's what people it's just like we
gave this game go long wing
recommendations yes and people still
find these shit to complain don't you
guys like anything with like like half
the games we play for this young man or
whatever the most recent video it is if
you have any complaints about it
that'll be the people will say yeah
don't you guys hey you guys hate
everything right and we like this this
video in particular was glowing except
for the one complaint which is some of
the room that the rooms look very
similar yeah so what you're saying is
you hate it basically yeah basically we
have a bank it said all the time where
it's like people say you guys are way
too nice to every movie or people say
you guys hate every move so I'm sure
those comments are on the same video
sometimes yeah welcome to YouTube where
dreams go to die
comics Anne was asking about what we
think about Adobe Premiere Jack uses the
Adobe suite and loves the shit out of it
it is Final Cut 7 in fact jack goes out
of his way to recommend it to
mostly because it's a editing program
that can take advantage of modern
computing systems unlike Final Cut 7
with so I'm used to I'm I'm a ninja in
Final Cut 7 uh-huh so I'll take the leap
eventually eventually I'm gonna keep
poking dog I understand as you should
how do you love Final Cut 7 mm-hmm does
everything I want the most part imagine
an editing program that would do
everything you wanted but do it faster
and badger his final cut well I look
this up the other day Final Cut can only
use something like four gigs of RAM so
it doesn't matter how much RAM you have
in your computer Final Cut can only use
four hmm okay or rendering in such sum
there's something Ilana it's it's a it's
a 32-bit system running on a 64-bit
right processor but if that's what
you're used to
they doesn't like things that are
different that's right that's true
I don't think anyone does you get you
get it you get a rhythm down you get
used to it I'm very fast and final cut
yeah you get into your habits looking
32bit it's true yes I will get the
GameCube adapter for smash 4 I still
have all my wave birds I can love my
wave Birds GameCube controller was
perfect for smash brother GameCube
controller was perfect in general great
control sorry
octo Jay is asking a Final Cut Pro
64-bit Final Cut X is 64-bit Final Cut 7
Final Cut Pro 7 which is the one before
Final Cut X is throwing before they
fucked everything yeah if you get Final
Cut X now that is 64-bit but it sucks
but it yeah it has some issues what's
wrong with it they they decided to make
it more dumb person friendly yes is that
the way to put it
maybe not dumb person friendly more
average consumer friend yes way average
the sewer is dumb that's what I was I
was basically saying yeah they it's it
was basically basically made a really
great version of iMovie Pro yeah that's
a slightly more advanced version of
iMovie yeah what other things you you
know you can't do with it no then yeah
you could before yes plenty yes there
they were missing certain export
counters fuck you talking
fish the other the idea behind it was
that Apple Apple was notorious for not
supporting a final cut they they created
this wonderful editing tool and then
decided that it didn't have a good
enough profit margin mostly because
everyone's stolen okay so they would
stop supporting final cuts so Apple
which Final Cut X had a great idea which
is we will make the base unit and
anything fancy that you want to add it
onto it like export modules or stuff
like that the community will create that
and we can sell its DLC they basically
made DLC for Final Cut okay right thanks
Ellsworth and so a lot of that is there
now if you pay extras yeah but the base
price for the Final Cut X is like one
three hundred bucks or something no less
than they haven't even less than that
yeah when it first came out was it three
hundred I have that number in my head I
could be wrong I don't remember I know
it was something super cheap yeah super
cheap for that relative relatively key
to professional editing yeah yeah
incredibly cheap so in any case a lot of
those problems are being fixed but it
doesn't matter because a large number of
the pro users just went to premiere yeah
especially those who like to incorporate
After Effects into their stuff because
now Premiere talk directly to After
Effects which is nice right in that's my
primary reason for wanting to switch
over super and eventually I quit and you
know you can do J you can port over all
of your keyboard shortcuts there's
actually here but there's a one button
click that says use Final Cut keyboard
shortcuts oh yeah so all you can do
there just one button okay cool okay
it's super great so what it is you don't
need to
I still do sometimes but you no longer
need to transcode into ProRes oh well
sure you can just take what the camera
gives you that start editing for ProRes
is still a lot smoother and so for
things like for our discussion for
prereq i'll Transco that into ProRes
okay but like for all the other footage
i just leave as is and i don't use it as
much you know like the the ingame
playings
what a deado that strings go man it's
just as fast anything what's so great J
I understand
I never hurts but I know you do but I
just want to keep munching every once in
a while like I haven't talked about in a
couple months with you Lester
and so every every couple of months I
just want to poke catch Jack why do you
care what software Jane uses um as a
fellow editor my life has been
significantly easier since moving to
premier and I know Jays workflow is
similar to mine yeah I was gonna say
good slightly clunky as a result of
using fine okay right right but I mean
in general you know we do similar things
again and so I've found a way to live
life easier and I wouldn't I want to
share that with my friend Jane you know
wouldn't you if you found if you found
something super fantastic when you want
to share with the people around you
does Jack choose all the music used in
prereq because I like it yeah I do
in Iowa also the the music I use as
background music is just like the iTunes
or the iTunes YouTube stock background
music oh sure that I Lou was at the end
of music the song the plays at the end I
never see people ask about that everyone
asked about that
it's a youtube stock because though it
is ok it's cool or die by Stewart boogie
or bogey I don't know how we're gonna
say let's boogie because you want a
boogie do this music absolutely it's
called do or die and the rest of the
song by the way it turns into an 80's
synthpop song oh yeah that you would
never know by hearing that first 10
seconds huh
fuck but it's a nice little music outro
yeah and yeah everybody everybody wants
to know ask about that song every single
fucking time and they don't bother to
read the fucking comments where
someone's already answered that question
yeah my concentration is go no no no man
we just play the game do it it's fine
this prereq shot in 24 frames per second
it looks more cinema like than other rln
thing this this might be a debt oh is
this it
the saws are dead
Diane we did service about that that's
okay no I'm glad you I'm glad you warned
us about that because if you died there
we could have made fun of you yeah um
well the more cinematic look they're
talking about I think is you're the one
angle is a DSLR camera yes that's where
time up usually all all but this last
all but guacamelee I usually shoot with
one AF 101 gh 2 which is a DSLR and the
DSLR camera looks fantastic as all DSLR
cameras do so maybe that's why it looks
more cinema like unless you're talking
about the guacamelee episode in which
case that's not true because I used to
the way of 100s
Jack move in 30 frames per second but
but yes yeah all of mine are shot in 24
frames per second but I believe so is
everything yeah everything is 24 feet
everything's 24 and actually some of the
earlier prereq episodes were shot in 30
feet oh so then you're double wrong how
about that yeah cuz I don't mind 30 be
like the crisp look yeah it looks like
video but it's crisp it's technically
better Oh someone's someone's giving
some PC master-race stuff the human eye
could only be in 720p net Oh si I
apologize more technical talk is boring
we're nerds this is our life it is is
fuck I can talk about my gimpy and some
Moors
so we'll all have death on our minds ah
death and ailments definite ailments
yeah that was just a reminder I think
I've mentioned the Sun half of the bag
before II have a horrible fear and
disgust of the human body nice reminder
as to why like I'm not like scared to
like touch people or anything just
what's going on inside sure it's
horrifying it's a disgusting weird place
in there and you never know what's gonna
happen that's true hey how many pounds
of crap do you think are inside of you
fellas how many palms not that many yeah
less than one of crap middle everyone
maybe one or two maybe one or two oh
eight today was a salad and some soup
and some Twizzlers so you can't eat so
um thanks text like 15 hour old things
well okay so 18 hours some of us are
regular
because we have high fiber diets yes
this is a much better discussion isn't
it yes that's what I'm talking about
frame rate some more okay guys quick
twist whole blame rates or disgusting
human body were you talking about frame
rates or poop
that's gonna come up in a second that
just like poop just like did that come
up in a second Jack what I'm not
skipping a cutscene does no go the
cutscene no no it is a beautiful
cutscene everyone saying when all this
while without a cutscene yeah Wow only a
handful in this game okay you know
because they know I have this Oh they
wants to talk about the frame rates of
our poops there's your toilet have a
noise gate
oh nothing makes me happier than pooping
in an empty house if I can say that um
my wife and I both work from home and
okay looks like my froze on the screen
it's just oh um
but on mornings and I'm a morning pooper
that's my that's my schedule on mornings
when when she has something to do it's
like Christmas
and you know you have an upstairs and a
downstairs bathroom we do but still I've
been I don't like that it's just like
don't go upstairs for a little bit I
like I just don't want other people to
smell my poop okay I don't know if
that's weird I mean that's no it's very
human thing it's very
and so it's just like yeah I'm ashamed
of my poo I want to interrupt you long
enough to point out the fact that I've
just turned into a chicken that's great
well my favorite sequences in the game
it's like okay you're comfortable to
controls you got all the fight mechanics
down you're a fucking chicken gun guess
what we've integrated a game mechanic
into the game in which you turned into a
chicken oh this is terrifying Jesus that
could have really killed you keep coming
you have to like memorize this yep oh my
god well the different called green
green jump blue stream okay dedicated
chicken button but they come at you fast
enough you kind of can I gotta remember
what order they popped up in I see
chicken equals morph ball yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah this game wants to be Metroid
very very badly it does not want to be
Metroid it is its met its may Metroid
we're Mexican wrestling that's fine if
Metroid were Street Fighter yeah yeah
our final place I don't know the street
fighters are fighting it yeah but this
is more moves than like a a final fight
which i if I remember right is pretty
much just a punch kick punch kick no it
had like you know punch punch character
you might think you can chain together
that feels more Street Fighter eat okay
you know what I'll give it to you I'll
give you that I'll give you Danielle
this is Tex Mex next Royden I like that
yeah Tex Mex Troy Tex Mex Troy oh that's
good stop
oh and McGregor like the same thing
Mexican that does Sabol mexic Troy
that's this close
Sammis easy to do or oh my god I was
Mike yes we did receive your movies
thank you I've been wanting to see
Halloween 3 for a very long time we've
never seen it
not one the Halloween and part 3 o has
nothing to do with the other Halloween
movies no oh but it was shot in
Australia all right great
someone is saying Jack talk about the
evil within are you talking about just
like the evil within Manor
yeah I was very confused is that not a
video game or anything I have going they
don't know I'm sure probably is it is a
video game maybe it's a movie I don't
know so talking about enemy within the
ExCom expansion could be I think I mean
basically what you're trying to say is
like civilization versus our primal
nature and we've instilled upon humanity
a kind of a code of what we call ethics
and ethics don't exists in the animal
kingdom so the things we call evil or
just our animalistic sides is that what
you're talking about it boils down to do
whatever you want all time in two roles
Jim yeah
rule number one is do whatever you want
all the time
rule number two is be able to live with
the consequences of rule number one yes
and if you cannot then don't do rule
number one that's it that's that's the
two rules everybody
yeah I'm waiting for him to answer me
about what that leave talking about the
blue team's coming out oh it's
apparently a horror game that's coming
out oh we love our games your why are
you so against horror games it's not my
thing okay
I don't think this yeah you're done no
horror movies either so
yeah do in most horror games that I have
played I have seen the scenes okay
and so therefore they're not scary sure
once once you can figure out the
mechanics then you're no longer scared
by them you know like it's it's as if
you were watching a horror movie and you
saw you know the if you if you saw the
string that was holding up the samurai
sword ruin the illusion or make the
whole thing more entertaining yes
can you voluntarily turn into a chicken
yeah yeah wow that's great
that is a dead that is a game mechanic
there are times in which you have to
turn into a chicken wonderful is it's
really great date favorite Game Boy
games I don't know if I can remember a
Tetris Tetris is the only one well I
mean obviously Pokemon not for me not
for you from as a Pokemon for Gameboy
that's where it came out really Pokemon
has only been on handhelds when the
first one came up for that I didn't even
remember that pokemons existed when the
Gameboy came out Wow come on man they
realize Pokemon is that old is that old
ugh how about that yeah yeah no Gameboy
I had a gameboy I had a lot of good
games the
Zelda games for Pokemon or for the
Gameboy print Pokemon the Zelda games
for the Pokemon those were great done
what I wonder what that message is have
you know oh you don't have a oh we can
find out we can find that you wanna see
what it is yeah yeah my mother's thorny
apprentice that's what yeah you read
that that what's it called the cubes you
are you are I don't know what do the
iPhones have a QR scanner built-in I
think you have to I have 100 just I got
rid of it um but yeah you have to
download an app for it if I said I may
have gotten rid of it when I cleaned up
my phone I've I did this when I first
played the game a while ago I don't know
if it's the same message okay okay nope
I got rid of mine okay hold on I'm gonna
get a QR code reader here real quick how
long is it gonna take
not long okay yeah all those things like
okay let me go to the App Store use the
app store we're gonna time I can play
Brian Butterfield quotes mobs find a
good one what what type trees are
blocked what are you implying you know
familiar with Brian Butterfield
I am volume familiar with Brian
Butterfield old solid awesome crab cheat day
treat day treat then his treat day is treat Jay
you know Lincoln that gave me a chapter
oh yeah yeah oh great you get it whoa
forget it
oh my god was taking forever
no I haven't I'm standing it right now I
have beaten the game by now
Church does this have a nice day oh and
Greg okay here's what the it's a text QR
code and it says congratulations you
successfully identified and scan a QR
code oh that's it just says this is a QR
code it says uh it says Tecna the text
is congratulations you successfully
identified and scan the QR code great
job and it says in several languages a
heart drink box studio it was just them
fucking with us
no that's fine
I wasted all my Brian Butterfield quotes
for that I do just want to delete this
app now I don't feel like that's why I
delete in mine like I used like scanning
like two or three QRS in the course of
the couple years I've had my phone
gently this isn't worth it alright I
deleted it you guys had just deleted
icky our scan again oh it's probably
making fun of the QR code stuff in other
games where I tried to take itself
seriously sure yeah I know other games
have QR codes apparently is oh okay as
QR codes you sure to drink your own
babies @j have you seen the Japanese
movie funky forest no I've never even
heard of it there you go
I've seen the Japanese movie house house
ooh it's not amazing
all right I don't know what funky forest
is but um there is a movie I own that we
should all watch called the happiness of
the cat Icarus oh I've seen that it's
great it is yeah
Takashi Miike it's a it's a horror
musical all the musical numbers are
pretty sparse fire they're very smart
but it is a whole emotion it and yeah
that features musical numbers on
ironically like legit music numbers
happiness of the cut cures great book
yeah so actually saw that in the theater
really yeah good job that's usually my
ace in the hole when when we started
talking about obscure movies okay that's
a good one yeah I don't hear a lot of
people talking about that one is that a
Castlevania reference of assuming woo
guy whipping a skeleton yeah okay those
are bats definitely councilman you okay
and are you saying there's a reference
in this game the did you find a
reference holy shit
where did you discover a penis of the
cut of carries for a while Jake and I
were subscribed to like a like festival
indie movie of the Month Club oh okay so
every month they would send us like
three or so DVDs in the mail there's
just like random international movies
festival movies indie movies we saw so
much garbage oh sure but this was just
one of them it was little yep I forget
what that service was it was it wasn't
one of those oh yeah it was really great
it was just like Gears of random movies
that no one's ever heard of watch them
maybe he remembers what that's called
anyway
Kipnis not a captain curious no i
rewatch that i haven't seen that movie I
really want I have it on DVD yeah
so we can't all right all right physical
media indie movie of the month yeah
something like that it was hipster
flicks goddammit goddammit you're right
no we don't you know that seeking out
smaller films that are maybe interesting
or different mm-hmm that makes you a
hipster I know it does don't you know
that I will I do now
someone just pointed it out but if all
you watched was mainstream garbage
Johnny would just be a popcorn watching
idiot you're right so you really there's
no way to win there are only extremes
sure only extremes well is that it are
there like acceptable indie movies where
I could just be a guy who likes movies
no because if it's an indie movie that's
well-known enough but it I liked enough
then it's too mainstream been
unpretentious then you're ya know then
you're jumping on the bandwagon oh fuck
I don't want to do that either you're
you're trying to come across like like
you like independent films but this is a
mainstream independent film it's
different this is how this birds Jam
there's no any so again we go back to
the rule didn't do it everyone all time
all time and I do not care about people
hating on my choices of things to watch
so I will watch whatever are the fuckin
I generally I like to seek out smaller
films that have never heard of that
maybe will not be interesting and
different and sometimes I like guardians
of the galaxy yeah you know yeah like
what you like you like what you like I'm
with you I'm with you every once in a
while the only thing I don't like is
middle-of-the-road
mediocre boring middle road Pleasant
movies if it's Pleasant I probably won't
like it yeah and you know I'm fine with
Pleasant movies those are those are the
movies I put on when I don't feel like
watching it I really enjoy romantic
comedies because it's it's like five
minutes that I can turn my brain off
because that's how long those movies are
right they feel like they're five hours
I just turn your brain off cuz you know
exactly what's gonna happen and you know
you just enjoy the cinematography if
there is an error well that's the thing
it has to have that level at least yeah
and it's like it looks like When Harry
Met Sally that's the one I want everyone
always brings up because that's a
genuinely good movie yeah yes it is
that's what I always say when someone
says like oh I don't like this yonder Oh
like I don't like horror movies or I
don't like romantic comedies I think
well then you haven't seen the good ones
that's right that's right you can find a
good movie pretty much any genre
absolutely I'll absolutely agree with
that you can find a good anything in any
genre you know I don't like country
music well good tunes mod it most of the
modern like radio friendly country music
is pretty horrible
that's not even country anymore yeah
that's true it's kind of morphed into
something else I'm doing bad here or
something like oh oh oh I see your
health bar
do you have your you have your super
your super deuce feels like a cheap it
does it does feel like a cheese that is
my big complaint about the DLC about the
Super Duty is it feels unnecessary oh
boy you too - and then you went back for
more just to make it a fair play nice
god this rich you've got this I know I
do
hey I just ran into a bad patch I guess
I'm not encouraging you fine that's fine
it's just it's just not needed
um
Starcraft 108 says punch-drunk love
about it oh you just said it I love that
movie it's great really good movie but
you're supposed to hate it because I
understand there's in it that's Jesse
that's a great Adam Sandler movie that
movie uses his already established
personality and just puts it in a
completely different context yep he
plays the same type of character but
it's done in such a different way and it
works because it paints up as a a
slightly sociopathic man yeah yeah
manchild
yeah and says what he is in all of his
movies if he ran into happy gilmore in
real life you would say that guy's a
fucking nut
yeah and that's what punch-drunk love
does so well this guy's kind of off his
rocker a little bit he seems like a nice
sweet man but then he has these weird
fits of rage
punch-drunk love is a great movie but it
struck home that's my my favorite Paul
Thomas Anderson which is probably not a
popular opinion which makes me a hipster
but nice I love that movie I love to
look at it on the sound design of it the
music is great yes yes it's also insane
that's great yeah which is great mmm
what are other all times Anderson movies
but unites oh yeah that's fantastic
Oh unites is a great movie that might be
up there yeah just thinking of favorites
but you're now you're gonna say the next
one I'm wearing to go whoo whoo that one
too Magnolia and so now it's great
though great that would be blood oh my
god that was great let's see and then
you probably have seen the master have
you seen that I haven't won a stir that
was what I was sort of iffy on when I
first saw it yeah that's it's a little
more obtuse than his other movies about
Elrond right about what l ron Hubbard oh
yeah yeah sort of I start we're in the
first me and Elrond yeah we go way back
ya know it was a movie a little trouble
with when I first saw it but I rewatched
it several times since then and I've
grown to really love it oh okay I don't
wait for it in here advice
Josh events that I don't believe that's
true by the way and you'll know the
answer to this he says Radiohead did the
sound design for punch-drunk love no
that's not sure that is not true no so
one of the guys from Radiohead did the
music for there will be blood what
punch-drunk love is John Brian yes and I
knew you knew the answer to that yeah
well John Bryan scores yes John Bryan
did the sound design for punch-drunk
love so I guess what I'm saying is get
your shit together maybe it is possibly
inspired by Radiohead I that I couldn't
tell you that I couldn't tell you oh you
fucked up I know he takes music from
Robert Altman's plop I just watch him
right up there right there did that you
always let you prove
be very wrong that's what happened oh
the chat is is saying you're right Jane
you know sometimes it happens in a
strange turn of events the chat agrees
with you occasionally I get information
there will be blood is also the title of
a movie about to be added to the wheel
of the worst it's an educational video
for girls about the start of their first
period oh that's a good - fine joke it's
fine fine
oh yeah did you see that I saw that rain
over me did I see that Adam Sandler has
oh it doesn't like his wife died on 9/11
- and child:yeah died on 9/11 he Adam
Sandler putting this out there to the
universe and I'm gonna get shit for
ready Adam Sandler is a good actor yeah
I think he can be in the right role I
ate like vaguely remember ray Nova but I
thought he was okay in that wait go back
in there right so back in there I see
you know I see a reference sure you see
the vvv oh yeah yeah I caught that
backwards guys Adam Sandler has the
ability to be a good actor I liked him
in funny people did you see that I
didn't say funny gonna know again too
long but he was getting it I he was also
very good in Spanglish oh yeah if you
enjoy that kind of stuff which I do
I remember being frustrated by that
movie like tonally I don't remember much
about it anymore but I remember thinking
that he was pretty good in it yeah but
three thing I hate the shit that he
writes yep when a real filmmaker puts
him in a movie it's usually because they
see something in him that they know they
can work with yeah like he was
originally gonna be in or was at least
Tarantino was interested in putting him
in Inglourious Basterds
really yeah oh that would have been
interesting yeah well this is I'm saying
is is he has the ability to be a good
actor reign over me was a little Smoltz
T for my tastes but he's good in it
yeah again kind of playing against type
you know he was an introvert a little
crazy little man childish but you know
in a dramatic role and it was uh it's
nice it's night maybe that's what's the
most frustrating part about his
decisions as a producer in a filmmaker
yes is knowing that he has talent and he
chooses not to do it after punch broke
love cuz I loved that movie so much yeah
I was like oh he's interesting now I
think the very next movie he did was
anger management I was like oh fuck
cuz I thought like oh he's gonna start
to do more mature yeah I thought he was
so good and punch dark love I was so
excited like oh he's gonna start to do
you know some some more interesting
stuff yeah and here we are you know
however many years later and he's doing
Jack and Jill and what's that new
blended and shit like that yeah yeah oh
no I thought you were looking at me no
no we're at the gym oh okay yeah
I go probably like Ramon oh you know
what I never saw that one remote
controller or click click click click I
never saw fly cuz I don't care no no you
should see it as apparently the thing
what is apparently click is a movie that
the first half of it is exactly the
movie you think it's gonna be if someone
gets a remote control I can control
space and time yeah and wacky things
with it but then turns weird ok
like he messes with space and time I'm
gonna I'll look it up on IMDB and if I
see him Sandler involved in the writing
of it at all I'm not gonna watch it and
I'm fine with it
I don't I just remember someone telling
me to I remember someone telling me to
give it a chance I didn't okay but I
remember someone telling good and
everyone saying that click is shit and
whatever ability fart on David
Hasselhoff's head in that movie baby
because that tells me pretty much
everything I need to know okay that's
fine I have not seen click and obviously
the person who told me this wasn't
important enough to me for me to
remember it I'm just passing along
information ok
it sucks ok it click a shit okay oh wait
there's a slow-mo boob bouncing scene so
we got that going for us
oh yes now we've gotta watch it yeah he
goes far enough David Hasselhoff saying
okay okay so the chat was fucking with
you and you believed them is what you're
saying
oh no no someone is someone in the chat
mentioned that because I'm a hipster I
probably liked that movie and I haven't
seen it
oh that's what that's what led to this
Congress but you would like it because
you're a hipster maybe I don't know nope
it's green water it seems like everyone
else thinks it's a really bad movie so I
mean I'm leaning towards
yeah I'm gonna like it because because
I'm hipster kappa cabana asks jack
will you ever consider having a facecam
no oh no that's not true
oh we were talking before the stream
about it maybe if you're very good yeah
there is a possibility of having one in
the future we make no promises but it
might happen just saying
