Episode 089
Rich is going to win at FTL (Part 1)
October 25, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORIOQ1QUwP4
___________________________________________

when Jack plays Smash Mouth what happens
huh everything was running hunky-dory
um before Smash Mouth all said you said
hunky-dory
what's wrong with hunky-dory I must say
that grandma say that I was raised by
grandma that's true you know what that's
true I was raised by grandma I say
hunky-dory hunky-dory down hunky-dory
down did FTL ago oh my god oh yeah I
mean I broke whatever saying hey Jack
here's the tip just hook it up the same
way you have the last hundred times you
jump it's here's the thing it is I know
oh this is gonna work this is gonna work
I know you know what here's the thing
right this is what happens when we start
do you mean when we started super on
time really really who's too quiet I
guess yeah did you tell did somebody
don't stop playing a commercial no
doesn't it I don't know I guess it's
just playing another commercial you have
two acts out of that commercial because
I was gonna say excellent producer move
no I just it's just like it's just kind
of stuck on there yeah I'm saying are
they sitting up deal they're seeing
oh they're seeing FTL yes I am going to
start and there needs to be more master
volume more master volume that's not a
real
it needs to be louder it needs to be
louder
um I guess I could see that I don't know
what to do I don't know what to do
no is your mic all the way up well I'm
gonna start playing this game I don't
know how to shout no Jesse connect show
that's a vocal cord problem okay III
like to play FTL I was gonna do like a
stealth ship run or something but Jack
only has three ships unlocked so I'm
just gonna go with the Federation
cruiser again I was going to do
something different but no don't watch
it not unlocked yet maybe Bonnie will
unlock some different ships and we need
a ship name of course it's this one I
just hit the refresh button
okay our ship is the Smash Mouth yeah so
body once told me all right wait sir we
need to start naming people give me some
subscriber names some pizza rolls
I see waffle tale one word or two words
one or two words you know you know what
what waffle tell one or two word one
word one word thank you so what we
wanted to play a game that's true we
wanted to play a game we really enjoyed
an FTL is the game we've really enjoyed
all right Jimmy enjoy boring okay don't
fuck yourself all right
you can ask all the questions that I
asked the other day
oh we got four people on the ship on the
sea Dan 85 you and see Dan 85 UNC yes
UNC Dan 85 all right one more and then
one more after that what do we have what
do we got who do we got hello Draco
hello Draco drink over the sea or a K or
with the sea listen all right
hello everybody
and last one oh my god Oh Lucas farts is
here we gotta give them you gotta give
him a spot and Lucas first this is our
clue all right
normal flight through MIT Federation
Cruiser was gonna do the sell ship but I
can't know you guys know the story so
I'm not gonna reread that shit and we're
off on our first adventure yeah
Adventure first thing I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna make our rock man or engineer
so what I usually do I tend to like the
rock guy is the engineer yeah yeah so
you can put out the fires yeah yeah
Jackson drunk I've only had one beer
jack is always drunk as I guess what I
was trying to say yeah bored did we want
to board the station and look for
survivors do we want to risk losing
somebody this is right off the bat this
is a rich Evans run this is okay me only
we're gonna take chance I got mine
scrapped and I'm usually script yeah we
lost we lost somebody already waffle to
help your crew my words just you leave
them Oh No waffle tell did he fall in
love you didn't even make one jump he
didn't even make one jump oh this is
this is the worst-case scenario
this is what
how does waffle tail feel about already
being out of this game how does that
feel
we're very sorry waffle tail we're very
sorry that we've killed you already
yeah whose fault is it whose fault is
that that's a good question
let's let's start placing blame I'm
gonna say it's waffle fail fall by
because he was the music you know we're
probably going to replace them they have
a slaver ship oh yeah actually you know
this fight is done what were you gonna
say
oh I was gonna see if we can get a
little more FTL oh no we can't we can't
oh no not that one
oh wait wait okay okay all right
actually you know if I could posit
fucking posit power Oh tab come over
here and just scoot that no not that I'm
like there yeah okay bang now we should
be able to hear you nice to be able to
hear FTL a little bit more FTL volume is
fine you guys were telling me you doing
fuck everything tell me the spec tricked
me the screen tricked me I thought I
accidentally hit the calculator oh my
god
everybody else has now left the room who
we get out we got a mantis okay we got a
mantis oh good
all right crew our Mantis needs a new
name
oh we're not I'm sorry waffle till
you're dead
oh yeah it was a tragic way to go out
but we're not replacing you
I see ho asshole how's H Oh
H oh Sh oh okay Oh three words oh sorry
it's what I meant to say I see ho ass ho
ho that's all there showed up that's
perfect there no we're naming the crew
you can name your crew and we're naming
them we're naming them after people in
the chat all right more slavers oh my
god it's fish bus did you send me the
Jimmy James poster cuz I love it if I
can love it I'm gonna frame it I'm gonna
put it in my office and look at the jams
that we Jimmy I always get excited when
we run into slavers yeah terrible that
sounds like that sounds like a terrible
thing but true our oxygens out but I
think I look more than I need oxygen at
the second okay yeah actually because
it's not a multiplayer game why not
because how would you do that no wow
this game this game doesn't work that
way that's them how's this what do you
mean it's fun for me how is the game fun
for anyone yeah yeah I could see that it
would be it would be utter chaos if
everyone got to control their own care
yeah no it'd be so fun
no one wouldn't right yeah all right
come here crew name oh you know who you
should have my username omni om and i
know how to spell on me okay great I
just want to make sure I'm Nia our
lovely our helper an admin over at the
prereqs team group who I saw is here is
your headphone time no no I'm not
actually
they got this my headphones that you
have to turn on I see I see octo jlv oh
I'm surprised he didn't name oxygen
captains um well if I did he'd be dead
you see our very first specialty thing
syste stuck to souls is the first jump
we only have 19 scrap ordinarily I
probably if it were me just playing my
own I'd have restarted by now we have
good car we have two menses and that's
always nice I hope everybody everybody
heard our brand new our brand new
subscribe we now show subscribers in the
sprue another pair every time someone
subscribes it shows a little picture and
we all get to hear rich saying what the
fuck
oh yeah that that's working that's all
enabled now and we have subscribers who
is this Sean did be fitted Sean wjf
thank you for subscribing we super
appreciated
but I made a special note to thank Nick
QQ QQ 1 he sent me a twitch message
telling me about night dev the website
and the code that lets us oh my god
another one Frisco Jones headphones we
can hook it up to that computer we've
got we've got problems we've got
problems oh no do we already yeah dying
why am i weapons got completely fucking
disabled never that's like the worst
thing that can happen did we spend all
of our subscriber money to get dominated
but I've been looking into ways together
so Jessie can hear it now yeah alright
went up any moment now oh my god because
you muted it damn it oh god damn it yeah
god damn it good this one is not going
well oh my god they keep hitting my
fucking weapons I should retreat but
screw that okay hold on we have tons of
thank yous umm Valdo julia stranger
quark stars so dose Oh Ambrose Ambrose a
zero vandal Jeffress ramish qua ramesh
qua Walt
HEIs a beard that was fucking awful I'm
so sorry rich fucking awful thank you
all are subscribing
oh and skunk truck thank you for
subscribing
we super appreciate it Jessie should be
hearing the what the fuck any moment
Emma
all right I heard one is that great yeah
because I've been looking at how to get
that little pop-up going for a while now
oh my god MP Geist there's more coming
oh my lord
we're coming mr. awesome 34 mpg eyes
thank you so much for subscribing we
super appreciate it
in any case someone sent me this the
link to get this night dev thing working
and it works out far easier than any
other method I've tried and so I
appreciate Nick cuckoo-cuckoo one spike
was there as Oh spike of course um of
course I don't think there are spikes in
this game rich other spike since no
there are no there are no spikes in this
game Phoenix but thank you for asking
this game is just big I'm sorry
Oh spike one three eight - did I miss
you I'm so sorry thank you for
subscribing I super appreciate it you
got that what the fuck and that count to
something o conquerer beard thank you
for subscribing we super appreciate it
yeah I am this is this is I never lived
on a farm you're thinking about Jack
this is the worst run I've had in months
I've never I love those bad this early I
won't let you know orig that or I want
to let the chat know that before I
tweeted out her before I changed the
name of the streets of which it rich is
gonna win at FTL he said that that was
an okay thing to do because of course he
was gonna head oh my god we have no
Mughals whoa they hit my fuckin I
thought weapons again thank you for
subscribing and sky dandy that's a weird
name but Thank You sky dandy for
subscribing we super appreciate it I
wish I could quit I I wish I could quit
yeah you want to start over is this
what's happen we have people named after
me I can't do this no you can't do that
you're gonna have to kill them all yeah
this is terrible
this is fucking awful I'm very sorry I'm
very very sorry bad my good mood is just
evaporated completely evaporated this is
what misses gone so badly sure I've been
hit every time I could possibly get hit
it's always been my fucking weapons I
fear so I take more hits because I can't
shoot back and people keep dying maybe
the problem is that you're in a ship
that looks like it dick that's what I
said
bless him rich was plain it doesn't I
came into the nap parlor and I was just
like what are you doing it looks like a
penis so what kind of games you playing
you're right dick game oh my god so 6969
fart barter for 20 thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
that's a weird name putting that out
there but you get the official what the
fuck as I was testing it out you can put
in a special code when you when you're
doing your code to make sure it's
working right now but just listen to
rich saying what the fuck over that is a
special what the fuck also recorded
especially for twitch we did not recycle
an old what the fuck
this is important this is very important
this first thing that's gone right is
from Phoenix we've already discussed
that the flat cannon does not launch
spikes there are no spikes in this game
so every stream he asks us if there's
spikes in the game it's just it's TG
Phoenix six I'm gonna call it his
running gag and sometimes I do find it
amusing so but he heard you explain
yourself
you see many games have spikes in them
why because that's like that's like a
generic thing is that just what you do
it's like a video game thing yeah it's
like what you do yeah okay oh my god
Mario Mario brings up a really good
point we need a couple more copies of
nuki yeah just maybe two or three and
then we'll have enough I think why why
do you keep doing this thing because we
don't quite have enough new keys you
don't quite have enough new keys but
we're getting there we're getting how
many new keys do you need like like what
you said two or three more and I think
we'll be good yeah yeah absolutely if
you find a VHS copy of new key in your
basement send it our way
part barter how do you barter parts no
no no had a fart barter er no fart
barter I'll give you one fart for a
candy bar yeah but that's a horrible
deal maybe unless you like art yes what
what perhaps in the future
methane is is a sought-after mineral
yeah
fart times methane in them right yes I
saw I've seen Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
yeah sorry that's how they run
Bartertown
barter town is run by farts yeah and
then they leave barter town on that
movie completely drops in quality it's
fine the second half of that movies yes
it's fine and great up until he leaves
barter town wait does this really happen
amendments technically not farts it's
actually pig shit oh yeah but what's he
leave Larry hooks up with all those
little kids and it's just boring Mad Max
chase sequence I wonder no edge to it
fuck I like that this person's name has
sparked an entire conversation yeah I'm
not saying it's better than the road
warrior I'm not saying I'm not saying
that I think the look of it is better
like the design of the costumes and the
sets and stuff I really like that
commander Dane thank you for subscribing
we're super appreciative
I'm done I don't know I ruined it I
ruined I've done anyway okay great
fart barber oh no I misread that I'm
sorry I just I guess I my brain one in
this art bar barbar someone who cuts
hair with farts yeah you know or someone
that cuts farts so my brain wanted to
see you know what come to your own
conclusions you know what they could be
right next door to each other
yeah you know I know what I did wrong
now I know why this right has gone so
wrong
oh no I I named the ship the smashmouth
yeah that's that that's that's what went
wrong oh yeah yeah
now I need notice I gotta fire my
fucking shield well this is just sure
you got that is this fucking terrific
one click
I got it thank God you can do that yeah
oh yeah there were things fine
smashmouth does not ruin everything they
make everything better world is gonna
roll me there there any covers the song
that are like that like you know richard
cheese if you're a listener richard
cheese I've never looked just like you
oh he's great I'm sure a cover of that
something exists like that I recently
found we were talking about so the whole
smashmouth thing came along because i
was telling this mashmallow story about
how we would each go one person at a
time and at one point we had written
down the entire first verse on
individual index cards okay and I found
them just recently the entire first
verses smashmouth written word for word
on the individual index card was you're
sorry I wasn't listening
I mean it I'm really sorry did you find
any cards gonna do it Slade you find
what where was it we during and during a
shoot at one point we were we had a lot
of time ago because we were driving
everywhere and so we started to play a
game in which we tried to sing Smash
Mouth one word at time oh that's hard it
is and what we tried to do it in in
meter you know and so as part of the
preparation for that we wrote down the
words to all-star
word for word individually on index
cards and I recently found them as I was
cleaning out my office okay so did you
write them all down or did you do one
word at a time like pass the round or
did you all do it secretly and then put
it all together no no we all did it as a
group you know we figured out the words
and and so then we could carry each of
us could have our cards and get ready
for the next word Oh years ago but you
just found the cards recently I have a
generally I'm not a messy person I'm a
disorganized person I'll just lie in my
office I just like to kind of pile
everything out I was sure so cleaning my
office takes a lot it takes a lot for me
to clean my office and I recently had an
excuse to do so sorry it might have been
because I was really bored with
something and looking to procrastinate
yeah and so I cleaned my office instead
your report was something yeah it's
weird
were you bored with Jack no something so
something just something too so it it's
always it's always the Oso has why I
would put so much effort into that into
because that's what happens sometimes
you know what I need great but that
story was so great can we hear it a
third you combine Jessi for that sorry
listen butter I'll try my best
no just sing the song No why would you
make cards and everything because that
was it was the gag you that's what
happens sometimes when when the bit runs
out of control
and I was with a group of people and we
committed to the bit how many people
were involved in the five of us that's
far too many yeah five of us involved
well you know this is what oh my god I
am getting no luck with the loose crew
events oh my lord
Lucas fuck yeah yes I'm so sorry Lucas
farts this is terrible
this is terrible I've never folks I have
never done this bad that's not true I
just saw him play the other day did
worse yes what the fuck just fuck oh
okay I'll be TF mr. kurtz
1979 thank you for subscribing you super
appreciate it see they're getting out of
the jokes it looks like we lost some
body gosh don't encourage people it
makes me happy it makes me happy when I
can be done so you're happy a lot
if this run ends early I'm starting
again yeah I'm totally sorry okay you
can't you know what you can't it's it's
pretty early in the day in the stream J
important question Jay would you ever
fire Jack yes
yeah I have multiple times it's true but
you'd have to hire him first he just
shows up he just shows up we don't even
invite him anymore you just fired him
but once that's true yeah it was after
after I played Frank hammer in the
grubaugh skis oh the very first time we
used it the very first time that Jamie
and Mike used me and anything yeah it
took me aside and said we never want to
work and I said I understand completely
they said you're not giving you any
money for this and you you're fired from
working with us and I said okay but I
just kept showing up I think my exact
words were I never want to see your face
again
yeah yeah something along those lines
yeah yeah I can go and count how many
new keys we have if you guys went out
we'll hold on just hold on for a second
mm-hmm if you guys just want to wait
just wait everybody oh oh
Jessie's doozy a part more she really is
Jessie is really going to company she's
she's in full-on producer role
I'm gonna say approximate as far as how
many new keys we have should
approximately almost enough that's what
we've got approximately approximately
almost enough to three maybe four more
sure okay okay I'm back okay if everyone
wants to guess and whoever gets the
closest can be richest best friend okay
I'm only going to look at numbers don't
type anything else cuz I won't read it
to be honest with you it'll take a
minute for the chat to catch absolutely
lots of numbers that's not okay okay is
anyone getting it okay goddamn it's when
we do that all right somebody already
won whoever set 31 is the winner that is
right on the money and you get to be
Rich's new best friend I'm gonna look up
we're looking back to see who wrote 31
I'm that person
is the winner it's already 31 surely
derp wins yeah that person is the winner
derp whence was the first to write 31
you win 31 new key tapes that's three or
four less than what we need yeah we need
a boast a few more well if we had an
even 100 I mean you know what the real
question is how many VHS is fit on the
Shelf to fill one entire shelf million
of new key tapes
I mean there's a probably about 50 okay
so we need about 19 more new features
I'm just gonna die
I'm Jenna the new keep going to die yes
Oh send more new key medics just
subscribed thank you send more tanuki
bed
will you super appreciate that and what
a killer name I'm just gonna die we're
starting again the valiant crew of the
Smash Mouth the stream this is Richard
Rich's no death run and you're gonna eat
it
I'm so sorry everybody
just watch it burn watch it burn
somebody once told me that the world was
gonna roll be I'm gonna fix the door
controls so I can put my rock band in
the airlock and open the doors that's
that's my current plan right now yeah
yeah somebody said that I should name
the next ship yes absolutely Jesse gets
the name in action the first thing that
popped into my mind was cupcakes and
daffodils but we don't have to name a
sec that's too girly you know it
balances out the fact that the ship is
shaped like a dick oh yeah that's true
good riddance aw
good riddance you got three ships what
Jesse did you know that if you mix candy
corn with peanuts it tastes just like a
payday bar um I did I just read that
somewhere
I know I've eaten 12 pieces of this
candy corn
right Oh Jessie give me some names
Oh give you some names
we just wanted to subscriber only mom
okay so I thought Jay needs to be our
captain this time oh good because he
left out our wonderful moderator last
time someone did say that we should name
it thunderpants how about a totally not
Bruce Wayne
oh no I'm naming bringing people know
that you know you get to name the ship
Jesse oh and you know what a mist how
about just plain life you can amidst
primal is it is a subscriber mm I are my
and there animist a and
eye primer animist prime all right
oh look at all these heats our rolls
oh god oh did we go to subscriber only
mode that's probably a good idea that's
probably a good idea
Thank You Ike Oh Jay this is why you're
in charge of the show this is madness
this is sparta okay what is he in the
shit oh shit we know we know we okay
what's what should we call the shit
heroin rich it was active Jay and it was
primal and Bruce was not Bruce Wayne
okay right yeah go fuck yourself I don't
know I only want to name it anymore
Jesse you get to name it now he's
starting over just for you yeah oh okay
well since I thought I misread something
and called fart Berber yeah I like that
so the USS fart barber one word
what was it just you burped barber the
USS fart
SS barber
yeah why not let's order to work you
know what I like it as one word I think
it looks nice and USS firt barber yeah
thank you do you know what I mean that
looks nice okay dr. Jane
oh no fart barter said that this is
appropriation of his culture I think
that's funny and was it yes okay okay we
got a crew back okay we have the USS
part barber we're playing on normal
I'm not playing is the penis ship this
time no I was right okay
I didn't want it to be a fart name I
actually wanted it to be cupcakes and
daffodils but but that's okay that
doesn't fit so fart barber doesn't waste
a jump
Krieger Krieger seven eight three thank
you for subscribing we totally
appreciate it
now we can't sew all right well nothing
bad is 7 but nothing good has happened
either
we're wasting fuel that's bad bad things
are happening I think there's you know
at least when you're fighting you're
there's some drama there's some tension
but when you just go to a jump and
there's nothing there that's really all
yeah that's just like good decent my
fuel longer okay oh good good new key
question there is no good new key will
our LM accepted bootleg copies of new
key what do you mean we you know like
like because I know in Korea
you could buy only come street corners
bootleg copies a big Hollywood
blockbusters so if you mean something
like that where it's got a made-up cover
and everything I guess
no I think you just mean like like you
you've recorded a copy I'm from one me
tear into another then no that's not so
it's okay if you did not create it
yourself yes okay it was something that
was sold somewhere then it's okay
yeah what about DVDs in general does
this movie exist on TV not officially no
there's no official release there talk
about like a bootleg version that was
made for DVD then and I guess we'd take
it okay
this is a really good question who would
evil evil people oh hey dr. jerk thank
you for subscribing we totally
appreciate it dr. Cerf dr. jerk just in
time
derp derp just in time oh my god J ERF
it's one word though oh for fuck's sake
oh not doctor again yeah you got it yeah
my friend Kyle lives in South Korea yeah
and when he comes to visit overing the
the Korean bootleg DVDs that he's bought
crazy covers or random movies and the
text on the back will be completely
unrelated to the movie that's great yeah
this is going much nicer this is going
much nicer I'm very happy I'm happy that
your a/v range
trying to save those misses yeah yeah
yeah that's worth that's when someone is
asking when Mike is going to play a
heavy rain
never what does heavy rain it's a fancy
video game it's not a fancy video kids
it's a fancy storytelling experiment
that people call a video game I if Mike
ever plays video games I will make sure
that that is not one of them
this heavy rain at least succeed as a
fancy storytelling experience you know
unlike some games we might have played
what games you therma this games just
gonna stop working what happened oh
there it goes did you charge it it's
charged sometimes we don't charge it it
doesn't work that's true oh that's kinda
question when is Jay going to put every
ring I never next week that's tomorrow
eventually we're doing a special street
tomorrow where I'm gonna play it yeah
absolutely
it'll happen tomorrow Sean wjf says Jack
where is that gif of your head rotating
it's a lot of places it's on my Twitter
maybe they mean where did it come from
oh I made it
somebody said this a little while ago
but it stuck with me
okay um they said he's not even a real
doctor and then every
dr. chan oh the cartoon yeah that's
right yeah dr. Tran dr. dragon bran okay
sorry dr. Tran oh my god party fart
barter I apologize for dodging this very
important question which is does the
spaceship have a roof if there's no up
if there's no up in space is there a
roof well the ship you have artisans if
you have artificial gravity yes and a
roof is relative to your position and so
you know yeah the answer is this ship
has a roof because there's artificial
gravity that is a very important
question though and I thank you for
asking it
about roofs sorry I'm still in my green
then do you want us to talk about games
like FTL we're playing FTL what do you
want us to say about it this game is
great it's a super fun time this ship
doesn't look quite as much like a dick
well I'm sorry no that's a good thing
I'm sorry
you need some variety you got something
against dicks they don't I just think
it's odd but the ship looks so much like
one it's like like it's some sort of
joke that the programmers are trying to
get passed on people that could be Jay
doesn't like dicks that could be but you
know I'm dick neutral whatever I weren't
a dick neutral
that sounds like my fiance likes them
and that's enough for me
Wow excellent joke
make it neutral sounds like an asexual
man yeah can I make my name's dick my
name is Richard neutral yeah I don't
much care for being touched by anyone
this is my oh it should be it can I can
I make it up and down detective dick
dick okay we're doing it you cannot
that's right that's why I just said it
is a detectives name the first one was
exciting take nutri is my hard-boiled
cyberpunk detective maybe that that
would be the worst detective in a so
what do you saying mister you don't like
men are ladies his cyberpunk is a term
used for anything anymore is that like a
90s thing I'm sure the term is still
used the question is is the genre still
used okay and no I guess they just they
just made a cyberpunk game this year
remember me this were last year what
makes this a game of cyberpunk I don't
know I've heard it described that way
though okay it's just that that style
which I was just thinking of like
nineties movies yeah like Johnny
mnemonic free check for oh free Jack was
Mick Jagger and Emilio Estevez yeah oh
wait did I see and who was sober
who's that who's the woman who's the
girl who's the wife can't remember her
name
let's see here
what I'm trying to think of like a
recent cyberpunk example name name okay
synth bird is the first name that pops
up after you said man two words one one
word synth bird okay cyberpunk is dick
neutral it was their comment so it wins
apparently shadow wrong is a cyberpunk
game somebody sent me that cyber shadow
rubber terms and I'm going to try it
okay it looks neat thank you for sending
me up it looks neat
what do you like Jack Zoltan control
there uncharted Nipigon listen last time
you went into the nebula you died yeah
but everything was fucked yeah all right
we goes over okay I hate I hate dealing
with fucking super shoes real quick um
Jack read the Derwent person Oh Terrance
says can I trade my prize of rich being
my best friend for Jack being my best
friend instead I don't want to be best
friends with somebody this terrible at
FTL whoa whoa whoa what let's take
taking out that first run look at me
here yeah no you look at me I'm doing
great it's very funny and and rich is
significantly better at FTL than I am I
wanted everyone to know that rich
stopped and made Jack we'll give him
mister you know we got weird but a spike
is saying that illicium was cyberpunk I
think Elysium is not cyberpunk that was
future dystopian what is cyberpunk like
I don't know what it means
it's like steampunk with future yeah no
see it's a it's a it's future devices
with a classic style
so you know something like oh the movie
we always talk about that Jay doesn't
care for Blade Runner would be like
cyberpunk okay because it has like
future things but they all use like
typewriter people huge doesn't usually
have to do like technology and like
specific like brains and memory and
technology like like Johnny mnemonic
that like a robot brain I know that game
they call cyberpunk it's slump
changing people's memories sure free
Jack was about putting somebody's brain
in another by Sense technology related
to I I don't believe right in every
example I've seen of cyberpunk is had
that okay
you know III think it's just a future
thing with it with a classic style and
so I don't know about classic style at
all I think that's completely wrong well
you know cuz like this steampunk is like
future technology ideas but all yeah but
doesn't mean that's what that doesn't
mean that's why cyberpunk is I don't
also I don't know I don't know about
prepare for Google actually there was
also removing a horror right in in the
90s called splatter punk what so and
that's not related to any sort of
computer technology I don't even know
why it was called spider punk actually
but yeah there's this area a group of
writers that what they wrote was would
be classified as fire bunker here here's
the Wikipedia for cyberpunk okay
cyberpunk is a sub-genre of science
fiction in a near-future setting noted
for its focus on high tech and a low
life it features advanced science such
as information technology and
cybernetics coupled with a degree of
breakdown or radical change in the
social order okay so I guess they didn't
understand that could include future
dystopian like Elysium
even possibly throw mama from the Train
absolutely any really it encompasses any
movie that Danny DeVito is it Oh Danny
do we know yeah this cyberpunk okay just
him being yeah oh man I hate spending
money on crew but that's a good precious
mind you save your crew I save my
favorite ah cyberpunk film yeah
always nothing with that data is deck
the halls with Danny DeVito is the
obnoxious neighbor
oh I must've just clicked on no it's a
great Christmas cyberpunk yeah it was
really weird when they took Batman in
that cyberpunk direction yeah Oh Junior
actually Whoopi cyber oh the Martha
Washington thank you for subscribing we
super appreciate it oh that's convenient
what oh she's great
know what happened I don't know I just
like I just got a ping yup the co-star
of the film Jacob's Ladder has
apparently died Oh everyone's style is
gonna be she was only 50 something 55 55
yeah yeah she's great
I've never seen watch Jacob's Ladder
I plan on watching that anyway cuz
that's my list of Halloween related
films you know it's not about Halloween
but movies i watch around the season
it's it's creepy it's very creepy yeah
that's a great fuck bot is not a
cyberpunk character fuck bot needs some
sort of like if fuck 5 had more gears
maybe you get gears he would be
steampunk Jack there is a difference I
know I'm sorry I'm just
who cares about any of it who cares
about it about that that's true steam
clunks like a Victorian setting yeah and
there's technology that should not exist
in a Victorian setting women might like
modern technology only the steam-powered
right technology a steam-powered
microwave and it's made out of like hunk
like materials then you would see in
that area Eric yeah years and yet hypes
and yeah I need a school I've never seen
people you know it's like conventions
itself dressed up and steampunk it's
meat looking much about it but I think
it's cool-looking
hmm what the fuck oh I heard that yes
that Clemmie Fandango did subscribe so a
man Max would probably be cyberpunk then
alright is there is there a technology
it's the absence of technology okay
Mad Max is the breakdown of technology
mister I'm just thinking of like all
their stuff is made out of like the
trailer for the new movie Charlize
Theron has like a robot arm and you see
like part of the gear of it is made out
of a wrench and things like that but
that's not like computer related
technology here the wikipedia is still
up it's the mixture of high tech and low
life okay so so bad Max is just the
future of dystopia is just future - so
many all right
