Episode 112
Organ Trail (Part 2)
November 17, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WuzKE7VETQ
___________________________________________

starting stream again we're back yay mmm
I pushed all the buttons what I was
really doing as I was telling rich is I
was disconnecting our Twitter our
previously recorded Twitter so we're not
constantly just tweeting every time we
restart um and that's thing okay so I'm
not gonna go take care of those bandits
cuz I'm just not a good shot what can I
sell I have a ton of food but there's no
then will give me a lot of money but I
have a ton of food that's a ton of
that's a ton of fuel but okay okay it's
not a fuel for the payment for that job
yeah nice yeah yeah I mean it is it is
you think I should be able to try what's
your health uh-huh take a look go to
your party already yeah I'm pretty good
all right you know what fine fine let's
do it okay Lindsey yo-yo says jack is
smart
and I was shot goddammit rich it was
right there now I gotta sell some shit
get out of here
sell some med kits I what it don't count
bat trainer can I get any of this 80
bucks no no we don't not that what do we
need here we gonna button now we don't
need any of that
done get out of here get out of here
party medkit using that kid Lindsey oh
yo says don't listen to rich ever again
no never again
I'm never gonna wrap this in the rich
again all right I'm getting out of here
a bike gang follows you out of the
settlement
oh yeah cuz I shot at them of course use
WASD D or arrow keys to move bandits
will try to pull you up next to them and
shoot crash into them to knock them off
their bike okay
oh hey we have a subsonic old thank you
person again
surly troll thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
oh this is a fun little minigame yeah I
mean you know it's not nothing much
chewy just knock people off their legs
but I'll take it
how many bikers are in this damn biker
gang there's so many bikers apparently
they were the only people to survive the
apocalypse
well they had bikes all right moving to
Chicago let's go
Oh a bandit steals 10 ammo dam bandits
if I had that ammo why didn't I shoot
him that's my question
yeah yeah whoo you find some roadkill
it's probably safe to eat
yeah the sky clears up it's no longer
raining a gas can fell off the car and
spilled come on come on car but we did
get roadkill
I did who I find an upgrade to your car
in an abandoned garage
what's the upgrade and it doesn't say
you'll have to you have to stop and take
a look at your car sure all right we've
made it to Chicago hi Oh what what did
we get here upgrades
oh we got a soup our last battery less
likely for the battery to die and we got
chainsaw windows automatically succeeds
in fighting through hordes that's great
that's great let's I think we need to
repair some of the station wagon here
you scrapped or repair your station
wagon let's use to scrap all right we're
repairing the station wagon great
yes repairs successful 12 to 32 percent
chance of success and you nailed that
20% you know what I didn't even see this
percent the more scrap you use the
higher your chances oh I didn't see that
yeah how funny I'm just lucky I guess
you are very lucky
hey it down let's see what we have here
whoo defense no no more suicide
difficulty I was lucky to get out alive
and I dropped something precious in a
horde of zombies okay Oh both of them
are suicide difficulty cut dammit
somebody Chicago wasn't safe before the
zombie apocalypse
you know that means this is this a
fucking sting right there yeah what do
we got here
what's the upgrade they got here rain
tires no slowdown during rainstorms fuck
that I don't need that I don't need that
I'm just gonna get out of here okay I'm
just gonna say fuck it let's get out of
here okay
all right I find a pillowcase full of
candy next to a pile of organs yay
candy that counts as food candy yes yeah
I'm counting him I really do like this
music this is a good soundtrack yeah
it's great great zombie using oh no I
discovered that one of my gas tanks is
filled with water okay here we go
Oh No Kirkman 1987 breaks a rib
oh yeah he's those potholes damn it
yeah we're here at the remote Shack
which looks nothing like the Evil Dead
you'll see that in a second
med kids have a chance to appear okay
well first thing we need to do hold on
first thing we need to do is med kit up
Kirkman Jesus Christ I'm not gonna you
can't rest your party - and that will
also increase their health I'm not okay
I'm not ready to kill anyone yet we're
gonna arrest them for three hours okay
almost lost Kirkman I almost lost
Kirkland but on alright great they're
all rested back to the town here what
are the jobs a crate fell out and this
is just dangerous I'm gonna give this a
try cuz it's just dangerous find me a
crate what the zombie apocalypse improve
Detroit gooo I'm sure it's a fine City
shit shit shit oh god I suck oh I hated
those you have to shoot them all I know
I was running I just for some in my head
those Crowley zombies aren't as fast as
other zombies but they're actually the
faster ones I think so yes and so it got
me okay and kami um what do they have
here they have scrapped their food their
fuel
what's my fuel like supply I have seven
point five a few I don't know what that
means
what's what's your ammo two ammo is 73 I
think that's good I have in a way I have
more than enough food and med kits are
fine like I said it's like I always want
to sell something because they have a
they have a combat trainer that gives
you the ability to have fine med kits
but I'm not too worried about it what's
the chat saying somebody was asking what
the name of this game was it's the organ
trail haha to get it yep see hey do you
guys get it
alright I'm getting out of here oh no
you suddenly find yourself surrounded by
zombies well you know I think that's
what the chainsaws are for yeah I think
Oh nobody for some reason I got out of
my car with the chainsaw windows and I'm
just shooting them that's a dog
surrounded okay that's different than
the Horde in front
all right shit shit shit shit
yeah the other thing I I mentioned to
the chat while you were how it is like
remember that I'm playing this with my
trackpad oh damn so it's like shooting
zombies is quite difficult fucked I did
it though I did it
well the trackpad I'm impressed
something catches your eye off the road
would you like to get out and
investigate yes yes I would some guy
comes up to you and hands you 100
bullets I don't need these anymore
before you can say anything he walks
into the distance all right got some
bullets that's really nice
he must have found a chainsaw he took a
chains off my windows yeah will you find
some roadkill it's probably safe to eat
all right here we go here we go here we
go you hear gunfire from nearby
buildings shit oh okay nothing happens
that's great something catches your eye
off the road would you like to get out
and investigate yes you see a shady
looking fellow with a game of cups set
up on the side of the road care to try
your luck no I'm not feeling
particularly lucky you know what never
play those games people never oh we've
made it to st. Louis jobs
Scott Damon I dropped something and it's
just one med kit I don't care about your
jobs auto shop oh those are terrible
Chet stop backseat gaming jac why what
are they saying I'm not I'm not talking
don't tell me don't tell me
don't don't be a backseat gamer let's
repair
okay we repaired the car that's nice
herion supplies fuel scrap food is fine
it was fine
I have combat training no I don't have
any great all right let's get out of
here
we got this we got it you check the job
or the jobs I'm just they they were they
we had no good
I checked the job one was a suicide
difficulty and the other one only gave
me one med kit and I was like I don't
need one med kit I you must cross a
horde of zombies in order to continue on
the road the Horde in front of you is
currently small in size but appears to
be agitated but I can automatically
fight through does it actually give you
an option that says that I'm yeah it
does
Oh neat because I have chainsaw windows
remember yes I didn't your chainsaw
windows kept the Horde at bay hooray
alright 168 miles to the cave ed Witten
is dicking with 41 ammo and accidentally
ruins it ed Witten you fuck and stop
dicking with Miami Hall you're stooping
to ammo no oh my battery broke but I was
able to replace it from supplies great
this guy clears up great
all right apparently I'm not able to
stop for some reason which is fine a
heavy fog rolls in you are forced to
drive more slowly oh we've made it to
the cave jobs a crate fell out this is a
dangerous but $28 let me win a combat
trainer 5% faster move that is really
worth it 80 bucks though I want I walk
that you can sell things I think I will
actually sell things what am I gonna
sell here sell some med kits
because I can always buy it back because
if I if I'm a better fighter if I can
move faster I can get more of these jobs
wait and I have $55 so I think if I do
this job all right let's go chit chat
take it take it easy on poor mr. ed
wooden okay it wasn't his fault I he
what Eames dicking around that he was
dicking around with the a moorage and he
shouldn't have been dicking around with
the ammo
okay okay I'm just running shit
shit shit why do you even stop to shoot
that zombie Jack why didn't you do that
because I'm a dumb dumb man rich hold on
I'm gonna leave them all away I can do
this I can do this okay I got this I did
it and I got faster moving great great
good good job okay I feel good about
that all right let's get out of here all
right let's go a party let's move let's
rest everybody up a little bit
she had a saying epic manoeuvre yes yes
it was
alright let's rest everybody out for a
couple hours how come I don't heal for
arresting and make it more difficult I
guess it's not entirely sure med kits
though yeah I need a med kit I need a
med kit all right I have one med kit
left but now I'm faster so I can get
more of these jobs let's go right
station wagons gonna fall apart
that's okay oh god hello Draco has
measles well it was foggy out and so you
get measles in the fog I guess goddamnit
hello Draco it starts raining heavily
you'll have to drive more slowly right
listen if hello Draco gets too sick I'm
just shooting him
a tire dies but you replace it from
supplies broke down cars block the road
navigate the de breeze takes an hour
come on this guy clears up that's great
come on
a bandit steals one muffler I didn't
even have an extra muffler I didn't
think whatever I'm in Memphis I'm in
Memphis job's bandits there's a gang of
bandits who have been terrorizing it a
little settlement get rid of them no for
one battery I don't know let's see here
there's a head there's a massive a herd
of the undead coming towards town hired
guns needed now that just pays in food I
have food I have food what I need is
repairs and I don't have money for
repairs so I need to it doesn't matter
what the upgrade is I mean repairs I
need car repairs shit oh I need food
actually you can always you can always
scavenge don't forget about scavenging
can I yeah how do you scavenge go to
supply ok oh my god you're right okay
that's scavenge
oh and now I'm faster now a faster
movement
what is that
first thing you see was scrap right and
then it says candy I get it now yeah
it's a candy bar han yeah I'm just gonna
leave these guys on the chaise cuz good
I just go until I get bitten I know you
gonna time runs on don't get bitten you
lose health I'm just gonna leave these
guys on a chase oh I found 15 scrap
great big candy down there yeah I missed
it okay okay
trade I can trade oh I encounter no one
whatever a passerby wants 12 of your
dollars for one of their tires
yes two trades waiting can I not give
them oh okay well no because I don't
have it
oh okay you meet someone who will spare
one of their mufflers for six of your
scrap yes trade you one of their
mufflers for three verse crap no counter
no one else okay done alright let's go
now to town and see if I can sell
I needed repairs wait what do I need for
repairs yeah well straight out scrap you
can also try and do a trade your I mean
repair yourself or you get you can sell
scrap for money too yeah well that's
what I was like I've done and I need $33
and selling the scrap won't do it for me
so okay so I need to go to car and go to
repair myself yes because I have plenty
of scrap
alright I'm gonna I'm gonna gamble a
little bit of you seven scramp to get a
77 chance 77% chance of success here we
go
time passes attempting repairs
successful hooray
great done let's get out of here okay a
bike gang follows you out of the
settlement yay another one of these
these are fun get out of here bike plan
these are fun that sounds a little
annoying now you know this was
definitely yeah definitely worth two
dollars oh sure yeah no this is new this
is a neat game it's cuz it's Oregon
Trail those zombies yes
get out of here bike your gang you got
nothing again nothing I survived the
attack 196 miles to the prison why can't
I stop anymore that's weird
oh oh I did stop okay
let's scavenge candy oh no a boss fight
what it's a Frankenstein monster okay
and it got me yeah okay it was a big
Frankenstein monsters sometimes those
pop up that I did I did not know that
talk to a stranger but I'm Creighton
great well shit I only have one med kit
left I'm gonna use it on my son mr. Shaw
smile cuz then we need him let's go
let's do it let's keep movin keep movin
ed Witten ate too much candy and got an
upset tummy ed Whitman's first you're
fuckin around with my bullets and now
you ate too much candy I am gonna kill
you I'm gonna kill you you could that's
an option you know but now hello Draco
was holding the map upside down and I go
an hour out of my way although this time
we're stopping I might kill someone I
might kill ed Witten
you're worried about an infected
survivor turning and causing harm to the
rest of your party you can put them down
in fact it's not received only become
zombies when they're out of health is
saying in the chat I am deeply sorry
jack and went he he's now ed Witten
fucking ate all my candy he's gonna put
not to it you're on watch your fuckin
fucking watch uh alright now I am gonna
go scavenge and see if I can get some
shit this time oh good I found some
candy ed Witten survives the day because
I found some goddamn candy I'm some
scrap ed Witten is on official watch is
what I'm saying
shit
hey I found some food and some scrap
everything's great alright let's get
back to it
trade can't trade hello Draco oh hello
Draco no longer has measles that's great
that's super great he met someone who
will spare one of their tyres for one of
your med kits but I don't have a med kit
well let's get out of here okay
everybody's fine now everyone's in the
green I had to talk with ed Witte and
he's not gonna eat any more fucking
candy or else I'm gonna shoot him you
find some roadkill it's probably safety
that's great
that makes it better ed Witten goddamn
it I hit a deer my station wagon is in
desperate need of repairs okay we're at
the prison which is certainly not a
Walking Dead reference combat trainer
body armor that's pretty nice all right
I had car repair
oh I have 35 scrap we're gonna repair
the shit out of this car
we got a record this guy attempting
repairs we're very successful and then
let's do it again
attempting repairs repair successful all
right now I feel comfortable driving set
pace
what's then let's set pace rich oh you
can change how fast you drive oh okay
you drive slower your car takes less
damage but you know takes you longer to
get to the end of the road hmm so you
use it more food and whatnot and the
faster you go the more likely they are
to fuck up your car
oh okay I can sell sauce crab you can
also change like food rations
cancel cancel what can i buy again
nothing I'm getting out of here I'm
getting out of here this town sucks
no let's rest let's rest everybody for a
couple hours three hours rests that's a
long drive faster is Ed Witten talking
in the chat no everybody's talking shit
about what he actually said is he says I
leave the stream for 15 minutes and this
is what happens to my reputation yep
and I'm gonna scavenge again that seems
that seems to be working out yeah ooh
candy scavenging is a fine thing oh shit
activity huh hi
at mall rat Calvo he's he's been quiet
as a mouse
hey listen fuck that one well I can't
see your names but you know hello Draco
and ed Witten there they're doing shit
left and right yeah whistles eatin candy
yeah wait how did I do
did I die no I'm fine all right let's
get out of here 330 miles to hospital
come on come on
Oh Kirkman 8 1987 ate too much candy oh
god damn you Kirkman we've been over
this with Ed wit
maybe I wasn't making myself clear did
you not learn a lesson when I was waving
my gun at ed Witten did you not learn
that I do not tolerate people eating my
candy like that this turning on each
other
Kirkman 1987 no longer aid too much
candy you need to work together
alright the next person to eat too much
candy mm-hmm oh it's a - shit bullets in
the head
absolutely absolutely by the way
damn it I need a tire I don't have a
tire
I have to wait until someone has a
goddamn tire oh you're out of tires damn
that's not good
a passerby wants 47 of my food for four
of their scrap no I need a tire
a passerby wants one of your fuels for
one of their mufflers no oh my god
you're almost out of gas I know the guy
the last four stops have had no gas by
the way oh my god
yeah for four of their scrap five my
dollars honey uh yes listen I'm here I'm
trading I'm here and I'm trading a
passerby wants 26 severe food for one of
their tires
yes see if anyone has any fuel survivor
has one of their tires offer 78 wait
that's one of their tire suffer first no
no wants one of their toes for 31 over
your ammo and no let's try one more
we're gonna wait for one more thing and
see if we get some fuel okay oh my
gotten all right let's go let's go back
to or you know well let's try scavenging
see if we can scavenge something got
some candy
scrapp that's good oh shit I missed a
shot
come here come this way I'm leading yet
I'm leading yet
come this way it's okay come this way
shit shit just leading the zombie parade
here it's no big deal
no that's the way you do it jack that's
smart way yep all right let's get back
to it oh I have so much scrap I'm gonna
run out of fuel though like now yes you
are
yep no way you swerve to mrs. squirrel
and get stuck in a ditch
what does that mean all right at least
nobody ate your candy the muffler falls
off the station wagon you replace it
with supplies great I'm now out of
mufflers ooh I think we're gonna make it
to the hospital though we might make it
to the hospital okay okay
the only water you can find is sludge
from a runoff drain you reluctantly
drink it that's a terrible idea
oh we made it to the hospital all right
great bye of course they don't have any
fuel no one has any fuel can you trade
for some there let's see here hold on
I'm having some trouble sleeping oh well
done job I get some food for a job
all right here we go
come on missing every shot
missing every shot shit missing every
shot come on trackpad it's it's gonna
fill you it's good I got this
oh I so got this I survived the attack
all right I got it
all right how much ammo did that cost
you can't be good
I mean I'm I'm probably very fucked I
guess I don't know where's my supply
it's old on ammo no I have 78 ammo I'm
fine okay okay have good ammo good food
and good scrap but I have very little
fuel let's see if we can trade some
people 44 of their ammo for six of your
scrap yes a stranger's willing to trade
you one of their mufflers for one of
your batteries no one tire two of your
med kits no see if we wash it we need to
rest everybody else so they're kind of
fucked there let's rest all right party
let's rest
for hours everybody get healthy help up
help up everybody
point five fuels I know and there's no
fuel here you can't get to the next town
on that I know but no one hears tradin
all right I mean all right all right
oh shit I need to repair to can't damn
it god damn car my god damn car rich
somebody's asking why you need a muffler
you you want every zombie in in
Cleveland to come to your yeah you most
certainly need a muffler that's like the
most important part of that car right
now absolutely the whole fucking zombie
horseman um I will try one more trade
attempt here I could also use a med kit
because mr. shy smile is he's not
feeling too hot right now
you're right Manny if if the car runs
out of gas
Eddie Drake I'll have to push yes all
right well we got a tire out of the deal
we got a tire out of the trades all
right here we go
the grimmest scenery depresses everyone
well I'm sorry that we don't have
anything pretty to look at you goddamn
ingrates
oh here we go you are out of fuel try
trading for more they meet someone who
will spare four of their fuel for 12 of
your dollars fuck yeah
that's a dumbass that is a dumbass take
this money that's useless see what else
we can get here I encounter no one all
right let's get back on there here let's
scavenge in exchange for the most
valuable resource you have yeah okay
okay I think the game was just going
easy on you
I appreciate that game yeah yeah shit I
got myself in a corner here shit shit
ah damn it god damn it I don't have any
med kits and I'm pretty somebody injured
yeah mr. Shaw I smile is pretty close to
death okay that's okay
Jesus check do you ever read sometimes I
read you found 79 food in an abandoned
car all right that's pretty good all
right pretty happy at then mall rat Cal
is dicking with one fuel a fuel Oh Julia
Moll radical just accidentally ruined a
fuel he was dicking around with it
Oh knew all of you all of you assholes
all of you are assholes that was his
strength
there should be a big-ass strike though
because that was fucking fuel that was
fucking fuel man and and you're gonna
get us all killed
oh hey I discover three fuel near the
graveyard
we just stopped - so he's lucky we found
oh hey hello Draco wandered off and
can't be found he's gone he's gone
hello Trek oh oh oh no we lost you hello
Draco you just left sorry
peace out nothing I can do about that
they're gone now
the be honest jack you charmed it like
like ten minutes later there was a loud
noise I mean you walked back to the car
I know and the Draco
could have been anything could have been
anything
oh we have lots of stuff here med kit
need a med kit damn it I need a med kit
wants to be it doesn't work that way
what can I sell what do I have to sell I
subscribed I can sell scrap
damnit
with a jobs job sucked
what would bandits suicide difficulty
and defense there's a large number of
zombies just outside defense gives me
two batteries bandits gives me six fuel
but I can't take out the bandits I'm
just not like and I'm not that good a
shot okay okay so the jobs suck suicide
suicide yes I guess with a trackpad yeah
alright this is the real thing I have to
have to sell some stuff here I can't
sell my ammo sell the rest of my scrap I
need a little bit more so I can buy a
medkit to give my guy
how much is my fuel worth spike 1382
says medkit first you madman yeah I know
I'm just I have to sell stuff to get the
medkit guy medkits r32 ok here we go I
can sell one fuel I'll have to sell one
fuel don't I have to to get a med kit no
I already did it
oh no I already did it rich there's
nothing you can do oh yeah before I've
never played a game before you know that
ok you know that about me I'm no good at
playing games there we go here we go
here we go
every one of the chat is saying no so
food listen I made the decision and I
stick with it what is that I want that
yeah I think the chats right hello Drake
I've decided he'd be better off on us
hope yeah that's probably true that's
probably true there's nothing I can do
about that
um I got nothing i got nothing let's get
out of here all right well what so how's
my cat's fine
let's leave let's get out here you must
cross a horde of zombies but I can
automatically fight through you can sell
people who may be eating candy can I
sell people if I could sell a person I
would have already you cannot sell
people or else I absolutely would have
done that by now all right come on they
want a pane of rich Evans trying to back
Kirkman 1987 breaks a rib he's a Kirkman
1987 is looking like he might need my
Jay soon and guess what Kirkman there's
nothing I can do about that
it's just nothing I can help you with I
have no med kit I could probably rest
but fuck that
do you think you see something going on
in the distance will you get out of your
car to investigate yes yes a well
there's a car by the side of the road
you spot a woman under the car tinkering
around whomever is out there do you
think you could pass me a hammer from
the toolbox and back she doesn't seem
too concerned with your sudden
appearance you spot an upgrade you could
use for your car in the back steal the
car upgrade and get her a hammer you
grab the car part before you get her the
camera thank you kindly she scoots out
from under the car she is younger than
you would have thought hey if you've got
a little bit of scrap I'm a real whiz
with cars I can fix her up for you give
her this crap to fix the wagon what what
did you choose choose they give her a
hammer did you steal the part a steal
apart and give her a hammer okay okay
and now and then I and I offered to pay
her to fix up my car yeah oh I totally
screwed her over but I got a bunch of
great stuff and reward so I'm totally
okay with that hold on I want to see
what I got oh my god a sandstorm kid
picks up another sandstorm kept kind of
kip-up up the bubble why aren't I
stopping here we go oh my god my station
wagon is 100% fixed and I got I got rain
tires so I know it I don't slow down in
rainstorms anymore oh my god that's
great I totally screwed her over
you monster I feel fantastic about them
you monster it's true all right hold on
we're gonna rest a couple hours here so
Kirkman in 1987 doesn't die of dysentery
or whatever come on guys rest up
rest up everyone great all right
scavenge again shit activity hi
dammit
I'm gonna die I'm gonna die right here
running away
oh I want that big candy I want that big
candy oh no didn't get it didn't get it
it's too late for me
oh my god I'm oh my god I'm so close to
death rich yeah I'm so close to death
let's um we can trade let's see if we
can trade seven of your scrap one
muffler for seven scrap um yeah that
sounds great
see if we can let's see if we can wait
someone out oh my god we only have three
food left is this a real thing we're
gonna run out of food
no I yeah people are about to start
dying and now I have to scavenge for
more food I want to pay attention to the
zombie activity before you decide to
scavenge Oh is there a zombie activity
it sells you it was higher or lower
suicide or medium oh wait oh someone is
offering me 39 of their food for one of
my batteries yes you need a fucking
medic it's when you need I know
by the way sure shit
I think I'd true where's the zombie
activity oh it's high yeah we don't want
to do that now
alright fucking okay let's get back on
the road this guy clears up let's go yep
let's go back on the road mr. shy smile
has a sliver of health you suddenly find
yourself surrounded by zombies oh fuck
hello Draco saying I got while the
getting was good yeah hello Draco was
the smart one of the team he may be the
only person to survive well we assume
they survived yes
but your station wagons no station wagon
is in perfect health
oh no I got this and I got this rich I'm
getting fairly competent with firing
it's a little tricky I survived the
attack
okay shit let's go come on you find some
roadkill it's probably safe to eat come
on come on come on
I'm stopping a rumbling sound comes from
behind you what oh no there's motorcycle
gang that's fine we can deal with a
motorcycle gang oh my god what watch I'm
sorry rich I'm being chased by zombie
deer I can't see it yet but I know this
is insane
they're not like motorcycles don't hit
them I I didn't figure that out
I figured that out all by myself this is
insane this is insane
it keeps saying it also keeps flashing
boss fight which freaks me the fuck out
okay I survived god damn it we have to
stop let's see if we can trade someone
you meet someone willing to spare one of
their tyres for five of your scrap no I
have two tires come on people I need a
med kit I need a med kit who's got a med
kit who's got a med kit I need a med kit
go go go
as one of their tires for fire no get
out of here I keep giving you tires I am
offering them that's terrible
two of my scrap for one of my tires um
no cut damn it I got okay back on the
road back on the road I can't scavenge
anymore else I'm gonna die yes
don't you scavenge I'm not I'm not
scavenging I might Kirkman 1987 might
die
following a wake of vultures has led you
to food that's great okay okay
gives you some food you hear gunfire
from nearby buildings you try to drive
through a flooded street it doesn't work
well fuck Oh Kirk my 1980s having you're
really close to death but I think we're
gonna get to the bar in time we're
making it to a bar yes I mutation I am
watching the stream overt wish we made
it to the strip club
Oh mm oh god damn it
a $48 medkit what do I have to sell god
damn him there's a job it doesn't let
you sell car parts does it
nope no cuz there's a combat trainer oh
did you did you miss the joke on the
strip : a strip club picture oh I must
have why what was it by word says
topless dancers it was like there was
like a zombie stripper that was missing
its upper half nice just like a waist
and legs nice alright I have to do this
job what's the job it's a recovery job
so I just have to find a crate it's only
$24 I have to because you could because
here's the real thing rich I don't have
any fuel let's see if we can hide hold
on I'm gonna try to trade someone first
kirkman eighty nineteen eighty seven
you're gonna die I apologize that's the
battery for one of your mufflers no one
damnit yeah I gotta take this shop
alright good luck jack good luck kind of
take this job that gives me someone
closer I just run
I'm just running just running looking
for a crate needs to find a crate and
just running I'm faster than these
zombies just gonna run to find a crate
run and find a crate can I do it can I
do it can I do it can I do it $24 great
yeah so now I need that fuel because I
don't have any fuel either goddamn it I
can buy the fuel if you find that med
kit you helped to have a little bit of a
safety blanket while you scavenge for
things to sell
that's possibility yeah but I can't
afford the med kit yet I need to sell
something to get the med kit
hello I miss out on my scrap see if that
gets me closer 47 I need one more dollar
rich dollar
I got to sell some ammo then
okay now I can buy the medkit the the
main the character people saying to rest
I don't believe the health regenerates
for the player-character no no it does
not yeah okay med kit done now I can
rest the everyone else
Kirkman 1987 might not die but I'm just
I might just kill them because I don't
have any more food left
all right rest up everyone all right
done all right now I'm out of food so
let's see if we can I don't even have
anything to trade I need to scavenge God
a minute oh here here's some candy
Oh activities lo zombie activity is low
this is good okay getting some candy Oh
big thing you can do big thing a candy
that's some food
the Chet has a point we couldn't kill
any perfect I mean yeah I might listen
killing anyone is not out of the
question you know they would eat less
food yeah
okay good I did it I have I now have
tons of food okay I have no fuel
which is the tough part let's see if I
can trade someone for fuel I might have
to kill Kirkman sorry Kirkman yeah I
think Kirkman was turning into a zombie
rich okay did you do it yeah it's really
weird it's weird I don't know I don't
know what was happening I'm pretty sure
he was turning into a zombie so I had to
put him down
Kirkman wants to be buried all right I
got some fool I got some fuel let's
leave
sorry Kirkman but you were turning into
a zombie ed Witten gets shot by a stray
bullet guess who's next it's not going
very well rich Jack the zombie
apocalypse is bringing out the worst in
you if well I'm a realist a military
blockade impedes your progress by an
hour that's fine alright here we go here
we go
Oh ed Witten you're not looking too
great there but you're still alive so
that's something
someone in a zombie costume bites ed
Witten wait no that was a real zombie
stop stop you have a you have a zombie
well someone bit ed Witten guess what
that means goodbye ed Witten I got an
achievement for that it's rich really
like that how easy that decision was for
me all right I'm now out of fuel left
his mat yep
do you think he'll make it nope okay the
only one left is me motherfucker huh I
also didn't check the zombie activity
before I decided to yeah eat I go
hunting and they was a high
the zombie activity was high hello Draco
says you're making my decision look
better and better hey I did it
jet you only have 18 ammo mm-hmm I'd be
careful about shooting any of those
lobbies I found a bunch of food okay so
that's something nobody loves to eat the
food
no me and mall oh yeah to their fuel yes
no to their med kits for 26 of my yes
god damn it you idiot
that's right I'm a fucking dragon steals
from nice ladies shoots all those party
members mm-hmm
this is a true zombie game yeah and I'm
winning
Jack Jack has become the monster hmm
yes I am The Walking Dead I made it to
Albuquerque though that's pretty good
it's pretty good too the jobs are
bandits bandits
this bandits everywhere rich medkits and
food and few IED fuel I don't have any
money
okay how am i doing here how am i doing
the car is looking pretty good parties
looking decent supplies not gonna get me
very far I need that fuel all right
what's this bet you also badly need ammo
oh sure what's this some well what is
the bandit one I don't understand the
bandit one well like it's the Bandit job
I don't know what it is there are a
couple of troublemakers who have been
stealing from us dispose of them that's
where you're shooting at the guys in the
windows okay
I failed really quickly at that one yes
you did so I don't want to do that do
they have feet do they have ammo they do
have ammo I don't have any I don't have
any money I can see that so I might need
to do the job to get the money to get
more ammo but then that uses my ammo so
I think I'm just gonna say fuck it see
if anyone wants to trade anything spare
one of their fuel for 20 of my food yes
18 of their dollars two of your fuel no
because I'm not an idiot all right see
if anyone else wants to trade then we're
out of this fucking town no and I get
out of here let's go
let's go let's go let's go sell food no
I need my food some fizzy because right
there some food when it goes bad
oh and and now a following some false
ruse has led me to some food and that's
great
a bandit shoots out one of your tires
you replace it from supplies great here
we go we're going we're going come on
come on the trusty station wagon
roadkill get some more food that's great
I can't wait to see how this all ends
right am i getting oh I guess I'm in
Albuquerque I'm pretty close where am I
going the west coast just the west coast
so I'm basically you're on across the
country yeah I don't remember what city
it is but there should be a map you can
look at somewhere rich but mall rat Cole
it was dicking around and lost one of my
med kits yeah that's a severe punishment
he also lost fuel yeah if I if I kill
him do I lose I don't know I've never
played this a little bit I haven't beat
it I've gotten to the end I won't kill
him yet how about that well you won't
kill me I won't kill him yet all right
we're here at the desert motel let's see
if we can do any shit over here what do
you got look mall that's possum it's a
possibility mall I'm just letting you
know that I know you're listening yeah
yeah yeah think about that okay so you
dig around with thanks zombie activity
is in a medium oh shit oh no rich what
happened I happen to accidentally click
the leave button damn it no I got a
biker gang
I didn't want to click the leave button
stupid biker gang get out of here dicks
quit being such dicks all the time yeah
I mean I'm gonna die I'm not gonna make
it for what
no I have nothing I don't have any ammo
to go scavenging I survived the attack
yay get the fuck out of here all right
here we go we keep going we keep gone
mall rat coat breaks a rib great he
probably did it dicking around with med
kits you are now out of fuel Moll
radical is now incapacitated by the way
oh really
which is something Oh a senior death
with food and starvation no he broke a
rib and that incapacitated Oh No
if only if only he wasn't fucking around
with my med kit if I rest will he maybe
he'll maybe he'll rest if I try I think
he's gonna revive him with a med kit
which means he would be costing you
another redken right let's see if I know
I'm all radical Morocco has died of
dysentery really yes I tried resting
it didn't work it's just me now just
just me now
I'm all alone no one to trade with I'm
all alone in the world
might as well scavenge oh shit zombie
activity by the way wasn't checking its
deadly ok so I'm pretty fucked
mm back um I'm really happy I got that
speed boost thing that seems to be very
much helping
shit shit damn it well whatever I got a
hundred ounces of food trade yeah less
than 20 ammo and you're shooting at
zombies I didn't shoot at any zombies
sorry shot in one zombie yeah you use
three bullets I'm watching you started
with 17 yeah you're 14 now Oh jack no
one's coming I don't have any fuel I'm
just I'm just slowly dying mr. shy smile
is slowly dying I won't be happy until
everyone is gone oh wait a passerby
wants seven of your scrap for one of
their tires
oh I don't apparently I don't have seven
scraps oh no one of those tyres for
eleven of your dollars I don't have any
money either so I keep waiting mr. shy
smiles just gonna die of starvation come
on I need some fuel save one bullet for
yourself thank you to Martha Washington
that's really funny that's all right
that's all you need is one ammo trade
three of their fuel for 19 of your
dollars but I don't have it
alright can you use the kill option on
yourself does it even give you that
option oh my god
I'm about to go check no you cannot use
it on yourself
yeah oh that would be that would be
great
agreed I have a bunch of food to trade
if anyone wants to trade me food for
fuel has four of their fuel for one of
my tires but I don't have any tires no
god dammit
ah come on food I have food take my food
once four of your scrap oh it doesn't
matter I don't have for scrap tween
scavenge jack god dammit I can't no I
can't oh wait no it's not be activities
now medium yes now I can scavenge okay
I couldn't scavenge before cuz zombie
activity was suicidal or whatever it was
after chasing rest and good health it
actually works I have never seen the
main character regenerate from wrestling
I've never seen him know the main
character does not regenerate health
unless you have to sleep for an insane
amount of time for it to happen I've
never seen
maybe if I like do a full rest
we'll try it you know we'll try it okay
I mean what can I do all right
great I found a whole bunch of money and
a few and food so yeah let's try resting
somebody else is confirming that the
leader cannot get a health by resting
okay great
then then that's true okay I mean I've
been watching okay I have some stuff to
trade now I've money I have food I
encountered no one to trade with yay
come on can I come I come I come I come
I come on someone someone someone I
encounter no one to trade right seems to
be fine you need fuel for I have plenty
of food it was not a activities low I'm
gonna scavenge again I have tons of
candy right now
just nothing oh shit it's a boss fight
Frankenstein or the dogs Frankenstein
okay I can run away from Frankenstein
or can i oh my god he's so close
oh he got me oh he got me got you got
you know game over got you
game over got me I'm answering an
epitaph there you go that's great though
ya know that was a really fun that was a
really fun game excellent excellent
choice rich excellent choice that was
much better than the AVGN game yeah that
was much better
