Episode 149
Thief: The Dark Project - RICH EVANS-PERIENCE
December 24, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nmpexrPzaQ
___________________________________________

four streams do you see stream chat I
need to make sure that everybody can
hear me um let me handle the text right
here I just got a text
okay
hello everybody good you can hear me
things are working this is my first solo
stream I'm sure everything will go
horribly wrong and it will be horribly
boring and yeah yeah but you know what
whatever whatever I'm here I'm trying
you guys can't appreciate that well fuck
you all right fuck you all fuck you all
to death you're all terrible people
that's what I always say when I'm not
streaming I mean you're all great you're
all just wonderful okay actually kind of
waiting to find out if Jack is going to
Skype in for a bit
Canada wants to
but I don't know that's gonna happen I
don't know that's gonna happen I guess I
guess I'll start the game and he wants
to get back to me he can he can get back
to me this is the game mother mother
fucking thief thief the done project I
know I know your Pole want a Jedi Knight
or XCOM but I'll tell you what we'll
play a little bit of thief and then
maybe maybe afterwards we'll do some
either XCOM Wars Jedi Knight - okay all
right um how is the volume on the game
is it overpowering actually you know
what oh god I'm not used to doing these
things let me see oh wait actually I
can't Jack someone who's logged in to
the previously recorded account Jack if
you're listening to this if you could
change the title to say thief that'd be
great that'd be great okay
new game start training goes in when it
when it's fine
I absolutely love these flavor texts
I was a kid no parents no home running
messages and picking pockets to keep my
ribs from meeting my spine one night I
saw man folks just passed him by like he
wasn't there I thought he must have
something valuable so I snuck up on him
and made a grab that's not for you
please sir I'm hungry
don't tell the Hammers I promise what is
your name boy
Garrett you have talent lad let go of me
old man to see a keeper is not an easy
thing especially one who does not wish
to be seen we have a need for those as
gifted as yourself if you've grown tired
of how you live and follow me and we
will show you were different with leave
me alone as you wish
I caught up with him just before he
vanished into the crowd it was the
beginning of a very long education okay
for one I'm not skipping the goddamn
cutscenes I love this game too much and
and four seconds I'm not talking over
that because I want you to hear this
thing Garrett is like my favorite
character in in all of videogames you
can't appreciate that yeah and was I
warned you guys I'm I'm playing alone
here so there's probably gonna be some
relative quiet on me I'm gonna alt-tab
out of here real quick though to do
something real quick
kind of just monitoring the stream and
my stream on Twitch is not loading so
I'm refreshing that right now hopefully
the video will pop up and I'm assuming
you're saying the video of the game I'm
assuming that's all working
you
yeah no I'm not skipping anything I'm
reading some of this chat now I'm not
skipping jack shed
Jack and Jack and : if he wants but he
doesn't have the internet right now it's
probably not the easiest thing in the
world I know if he wants to
you'd have phone minutes or whatever I
don't know what the fuck's going on in
his end with phoning and skyping but
yeah is what it is all right
back to the game this is just a tutorial
but we're playing on expert on the
tutorial welcome young Garrett in the
nearby rooms I will instruct you in the
various skills you will need to survive
please stay in the entrance area to each
room while I explain the rooms purpose
when you are ready to begin your lessons
proceed down this hallway to the first
room how would I rate this game well
this is probably in the competition for
my favourite game of all time so I write
it very highly but I wasn't I said to
run here key Bonnie let's jump that's
also jump alright let me fix that
trolls customize controls as you know
this is a PC we can customize the fuck
out of everything alright that's jump so
run is going to be oh that's what does
that also step bound you I do a stupid
my you know what I probably did
okay
my Empty how much should perk everyone
key it's not working it's just making me
stop
oh it's cuz I'm trying okay you can't
hold down the room key and walk of rank
yes sir it's been a long time since I've
played this so you must learn how to
move unseen stay in the shadows avoid
the light the indicator on your screen
will tell you how visible you are try to
reach the top of the platform without
being seen
it's easy to stay in the shadows which I
could probably run while I do this you
don't have to all right see this game
sound isn't very very important stone
here then I did not see you approach
open this door to continue when the door
is near the center of your screen it
will light out indicating that it is
selected to manipulate selected doors
and other objects use them good
proceed down this corridor for your next
test now you must learn to move quietly
some surfaces are louder than others
when walked upon and moving quickly
makes more noise than moving slowly
listen to your own footsteps to hear how
much noise you were making the
instructor will have his back turned you
must get to the top of the platform
without being heard this game is also
it's I thought leave it's on Steam but
it's also on GOG which is copy I'm
currently playing right now that's
that's where I got it from just makes it
easier to install because GOG once they
release a game they they tweak it so
it'll run on modern systems
it's gonna slow lease walk up the stairs
can't make noise pest tutorial very good
I did not hear you traverse the room
they will lead you to your next task now
get your weapons to pick up objects
select them by centering them on screen
until they light up then use them choose
your weapon now try readying your sword
and then your bow you can always put
them away again if you need your
hands-free now let's go out to the
courtyard for some target practice ready
your bow nock an arrow and draw back the
string by holding down the attack button
make sure you draw all the way back or
your shot will not have full power take
aim and when you are ready to shoot
release your attack see if you can hit
one of these targets good shot
keep practicing if you wish when you are
ready to proceed approach the training
dummy and ready your sword it's still a
pretty good shot swinging at the target
with the attack button a quick tap will
give you a slash move the tip of your
sword to the limit of the target for all
slash and to the right of the target for
right / hold the attack button down then
release for an overhead swing try both
slashes and the overhead swing on the
practice number good job you're ready
for a live opponent to practice against
your partner enter the cobbled sparring
area your completed I warned you this
would be a quiet stream keep sparring if
you wish when you are done
get out of my circle go apeshit on him
miss oh no he's fighting back he's
fighting back before we move on young
Garrett please pick up all of the items
on this table now if you didn't notice
through your inventory to see the
objects you have in your pockets once
you started that sparring match you may
use none of those items with the table
on the table then you may proceed the
next test is waiting on the other side
of the metal door shut up tutorial men
the story of the spoil you you watch the
intro bed it was looked but the key from
the table shut up intro man select the
key in your no no no the door on screen
until it lights up then use the key on
the door good now head down this hallway
to get to your next test and you're
basically trained from a relatively
young age by a group of they're
basically the keepers are our stealth
monks you're basically a stealth monk
now you will learn new movement skills
first climb the rope by jumping onto it
they have some kind of weird ideas about
balance and detachment and that kind of
takes them while looking up or down to
climb up or down the ropes turn to
change your facing if you jump again you
we'll release the rope now climb the
rope together though oh we have a
subscriber somebody subscribe for this
shitty other side of the stream mean mr.
mustard thank you for subscribing every
that was my jump cake just making sure I
got this jump alright good jump good
jump I did good I jumped this obstacle
is easy to climb if you know how first
move close to the wall next jump to grab
the edge of the wall and pull yourself
up good job yeah I did it shut up
pleased with your progress you have
passed the last test for today if you
wish you may stay to practice your
climbing and jumping or swimming ducking
leaning or crawling when you are
finished to keep his return to your jam
you won by going through that red door I
found well this is for those skills
alright that was the training mission
easiest by easiest by oh my god drop my
mouse my cordless mouse fell off of my
my little mousing platform here
alright that was that was the tutorial
and I'm loving this you guys probably
bored dears but I don't care I'll give a
fuck its thief alright we're going to
continue on
I love these cutscenes they're like
moving paintings
what the fuck waffle tail thank you for
subscribing for this shit oh my god Dave
a a double O five thank you for
subscribing hero games thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it I
can't believe you're subscribing for
this me alone playing a twenty year old
game what's not twenty years old well it
might be Jesus Christ not a fucking old
man
nearly I think was 97 or 98
I have a simple job planned for this
evening break into a guarded mansion
steal another fat nobleman's priceless
trinket and leave quietly
Lord Baffert is out of town and rumor
has it that the captain of his house
guard went with him as a bodyguard the
time is ripe for a bit of burglary the
front gate of Lord Baffert's Manor is
always guarded and the Main Street is
far too exposed
but Cuddy tells me there's a better way
in around to the side more
out-of-the-way one guard and likely no
witnesses to complicate matters the
piece Cuddy wants as a scepter silver
jewels the usual adornments and it
should command a high price
Baffert liked most of his kind probably
keeps his treasures on the top floor of
the place close to his heart and far
from his servants no point in waiting I
have cut his old sketches of the place
and everyone who's going to be asleep
inside already is it's time to begin
mine reads 1 thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
I didn't want to interrupt the cutscene
with that thanks you know cuz his
cutscenes are great and you should watch
cutscenes so subtitles please um
Steve even have subtitles this game
might not have it I'll check in a second
Ilana
all right expert difficulty that's
that's good that's what we want we're
loading up yonder game now in between
missions here you get to buy items I'm
not gonna need any of this shit I'm
gonna buy I'm gonna buy just because you
lose money too if you don't use it so
like this 300 cash basically the money
you make in one mission carries over
into the next but it doesn't carry on
past that so anything you don't spend
between the missions you lose so katene
caching I love it what can I not afford
that how much money do I have in that
kitty her oh they cost you 5000 no one
no no health potions I'm not I'm not
gonna need them not gonna need actually
I'm playing on expert I don't know if
you're paying any attention to the
difficulty constraints on expert you
cannot kill so if I get caught my only
real option is to run away because
you're not allowed to kill the guards
there we go
I'm gonna use I'm gonna send that happen
before
like bears like they used to
- am I on this way I've never seen a one
of those servant guys walk through that
door before I played this game a lot
back in the day I have never seen that
happen my mind is blown right now what
are you doing here dump it in the sewer
for know oh no I lost Mel because I
jumped down rather than climbed down
because stupid stupid anything we
learned from the visible ant gets close
the door I always close the door that's
been we say six years or more since I've
played this I don't remember if there's
if there's loot to be found down here if
there isn't I'm rotting through sewage
for absolutely no reason
no no no Lutz no loot oh this this may
have been a a needless side trip thought
there was something floating around down
here damn it
in here floating debris Oh exciting
this is sad I'm waiting through raw
sewage sure cuz I'm looking for coins oh
god dammit god dammit nothing nothing
alright noise is very important in this
game always smart to listen before you
go through a door might be a guard this
guy here he's drunk
what steals key he's mine now pal he is
mine he's open this door I'm gonna lock
it behind me there we go
Oh God alright which way is it
I'm not going to knock him out I don't
have to
I like to I like to to ghost this game I
basically as little interaction as I can
if I can get it in and out without alert
any alerting anybody or knocking anybody
out I'm happy I'm very happy if I could
pull that off
Oh spiders climb out
are you not climbing jerk
there we go
see we miss any jumping back in the
water they get my there we go
it's not good they all see me I can't
get out of here
this is terrible mist I hate spiders
this is not going well this is not going
well that that was clumsy and awkward
and I hate myself that I was so
graceless since I'm in here I might as
well pick up something for myself all
right
we're we're back off to look for the
entrance of the mansion the underground
Manfred's
entrance mansion entrance whoever I
can't talk you know that anybody who
knows rich Evans knows you can't talk
all right here we go
Oh God
he does not want to get out of water
today
inside at last well we're funny but I've
been thinking we should watch the
outside that's stupid
people don't worry about their on the
inside No then you catch them before
they get inside you Taffer Oh
hear that you hear that that loud noises
happened that means it's a great here
somewhere so I got to pay attention to
the ground I don't want to walk over
that as he'll turn around and see me see
right here right here that's a trap it's
a trap I tells yep
is there anything to steal in this area
I don't remember I don't think so no I'm
gonna say no we're wasting valuable time
all right
fortunately he's standing right there so
I need to distract him I do see the
shovel here I just picked up you know
that remember that noisy great it's
gonna go investigate that and I'm gonna
sneak around his ass
all right easy peasy
he's busy not found much you Sloot yet
might be a problem might you need an
expert difficulty in need to find so
much more money before to let you go on
to the next level money in there and
there's just a useless face in there set
that down gently so as not to make noise
alright moving on
I'm not just gonna blackjack everyone
that is the most boring way to play this
game it's the easiest way to play this
game but it's pouring do you have any
loot
hope Chester something that you don't
why you useless aren't you
that's awkward just they're just
standing there in in this room that's it
they're just standing there and they
want to walk past that door they're not
asleep
this game is scarier than five nights
and four anything's for anything
anything is scarier than five nights at
freddys but for another thing I haven't
really gotten any of the scary parts in
this game so far I'm just doing the pure
Mansion heist type stuff I think this is
where there's thing if you actually lean
up against the door you hear better
what's on the other side and there's
somebody in there walking around we're
going to find another way I don't like
that
I don't know if you're talking about a
different game but you do not have to
blackjack all the guards I find this
game more enjoyable when you don't the
art of stealth is getting by unnoticed
all those chores see if we can get some
excitement
this is exciting
what's that in the shadow there oh let's
see here sure 1414 thank you for
subscribing I really appreciate it I'd
say we but it's just me tonight because
this is a solo stream jack is not here
to also thank jack abandoned us we've
been abandoned by Jack I don't quite oh
stop it
who's that what do you say who's that
not turn around anyway what kind of sure
nothing jerk are you I'm gonna read
these he's not gonna keep me from
reading that note he's not I'm just
gonna do it even slower dammit all right
we've read the note
Cedric please speak to cook about last
night's dinner while technically the
menu conformed to my instructions
I suspect the lamb was somewhat older
than this spring's and I am in no way
fooled by his practice of warming the
salad to disguise wilting if cook is
incapable of finding adequate
ingredients he can be replaced if he
offers those same excuses about the
stone market shortages please remind him
that the grocery budget is good 50%
above last year's figures and even he
should be able to procure an adequate
victual Vic tools at those prices Laura
Banford see this is this is the kind of
detail I like about this game this note
right here is really just a note it's
it's it's background information to
details there's no there's no useful
information in this this is not like a
hint to get money this is just the game
world being a rich wonderful place now
we're gonna move on
hmm oh well it's not very attentive shit
nope we're getting into them mansion
proper now if goddamnit
alright anything worth stealing no no
right
nothing we're stealing well you can't
have shooting chat
this is sneaking their noises someone's
coming
we're going away say going away gonna
risk it walking out in the open well
heard something doctor been seven one
six thank you for subscribing I really
appreciate it
there's like an echo chamber that bread
I just ate that bread we need all their
food because it's not expert but I'm not
gaining any health from that food either
once again it's more just details where
you going come back this way all right
our big closes driving the car urban
avoner but I salute whoo I love the
money noises that mean it's great a main
entrance it's kind of cheating I know my
way around this place but so on
I'd under a box
I can't hide under a box in this they
don't have that option
sorry hey guy in the shadows I can hide
around this quarter until this garden
comes back he's taking a sweet-ass time
motherfucker what's going on over there
it's peaceful enough now
Tyla safe carpet back on the time with
little tile there I'll make noise and
alert him and cards will kill me
to all staff tell the sir we'll be
taking us dinner and evening out tonight
so domestics and manservants have denied
free housekeepers still expected to
finish the quarters in the general
polish house God is not to find this as
an opportunity to shirk and lapses will
be brought up with the sir Cedric gold
in the gold
I want more gold ya got me
goblet motherfucker motherfucking goblet
somebody heard that Oh nobody here
nobody here have they just wasted that
water arrow ah big deal oh the what the
fuck umm I was never what the fuck am i
hearing thanks oh god damn it this chat
Scrolls too fast hold on one second
xlg 81 thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
all right back to game back to back to
game and boring and quiet all right
except game star
why not start game the game crash
game might have crashed
game crashed
don't crash game come back No Oh son of
a bitch son of a bitch the game crashed
oh man that blows
bad fucking blows you can't I I was
trying to iron man it so I didn't make
any saves son of a bitch son of a bitch
it was your fault XL whatever 81 I don't
know I'd alt-tab and once I once I tried
to go back to the program it crashed no
no that was a fine run that was a fine
run Oh God
now I just feel awful
now I just feel awful alright alright
well we're gonna try something different
because took me a while to get back
there and I'm not gonna make everybody
sit through that same stretch of level
but you did get a little taste of thief
the dark project so now I got to think
about what I am going to do now