Episode 152
Tie MOTHERFUCKING Fighter (Part 1)
December 27, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cK18KJciHlU
___________________________________________

New Jersey Street alright let's stop
stream start over again if this doesn't
work we're doing something different
yeah
look we're not even screaming are we no
I got it oh now it's doing something is
it that far behind
oh no this is your just see in the end
but the end Oh darts wounded search
Street my ad started - yeah wait
we might be streaming Wow how could we
be that delayed I have no fucking idea I
don't know if they heard any of us
talking about we were talking about some
important stuff here guys are you
getting you're getting footage of screen
oh yeah there's the screen then look at
it look like crap alright guys
ah we're playing TIE fighter ah it looks
like an absolute garbage shit until we
get into TIE fighter so enter your name
pilot be prepared for it to look like
balls so I'm just skipping over
everything and going straight to the
flying then yes and I didn't pick up
each other
copy shits over there entering the area
there boy dat
my
Oh
again or we're gonna watch which
oh it's to library huh fuck koala game
yep sorry everybody a mod with you ah ah
what they're saying wait you haven't
quit out of it oh my god
guys what the fuck what the fuck oh my
god we have two people kneeble me bow ah
people evil thank you for subscribing
and the Rising Sun thank you for
subscribing such place Pokemon says the
Star Wars it's happening in my ears
I'd say gum Oh game audio's gotta go
lower than that even lower than that
either I would I would say so I know why
the force awakens the audio is too loud
right now I have to oh you can turn the
sound down he and I have to quit out of
the game to change anything true in over
broadcaster hey Windows desktop you're
right I could change it in the game look
at me yeah that's it at the depth
attempt and it wouldn't be so loud of
you alright alright alright and then you
just need to relax
you sound very tense I am very tense
nothing's ever alright rich isn't it
like when you're in charge and like it's
on you the technical stuff is on you
isn't it a terrible feeling I'm never
tense cuz I couldn't care less it
technically working right now yeah Jay
what are you working on would you would
you like to give it rose yeah okay well
okay I'm like best of the worst
Christmas special is a gigantic
undertaking edit I've been at it for
three days straight Monday I ended it
for like 10 hours uh yesterday I edited
for close to 10 hours and then like 8
hours today I'm now my gosh
but he was a very very engaging research
with what are you finding
okay they do the audio previous
everybody ready for the audio preview
alright alright I can hear this this is
the audio preview of the Christmas
episode
yeah take a guess on what that is ah I
love it I love it and rich they're also
saying game audio's still world right
we are officially working on that I was
like dubstep washing machine good um
good cool good guess these are all good
guesses and they're all incredibly
incorrect I am 100% certain that nobody
will figure out what that was oh it is
also not a dildo machine hmm
it is a dildo machine a machine that
makes dildos or a machine that uses
dildo what machine uses dildos it's like
as like a like a way to power the engine
of a machine you have to use dildos
instead of Pistons it's it's using the
friction oh my god it's a dildo and um
what do you call them well it was the
what's the female or what's the Oh the
i-ight on flashlight flashlight yes it's
a dildo and a flashlight okay that one
right away they harness the four cocky
Obama I get for helping oh hey dick the
neutral boy oh thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
but yeah you guys don't know what a
fleshlight is I'm sorry
the fleshlight made an appearance on the
streamlines
yeah see this is this is part of the
problems we've been dealing with so we
see what you guys are seeing now is very
strange it's like a black box we see
tie-fighter perfectly fine on our
monitor but you guys are seeing like a
glitchy black box thing and we're really
sorry about that but this is literally
the only way we can get this to stream
luckily all the Thai fighter segments
look good and I'm looking back in the
chat and I don't see any subscribers
that I missed so if I missed you I'm
sorry
they're the MEP I might have been a
couple when cuz I could I can't see my
screen rice is going on right I think we
missed two others I got those first two
morally up I'll maybe then maybe wait to
get them out on a god I got them
I who know I started theirs next target
to
back try the 94 version
is the version we got people it's the 98
version oh I was having I can't
calibrate the the gamepad I'm using to
work with that version yes we did try
tried that we try we tried that version
the 94 dos version but we couldn't
calibrate the joystick it was wobbling
all over the place I couldn't the game
was unplayable yes so you had to choose
whether you could play the game but not
see some of the non tie-fighter stuff or
see all the non tie-fighter stuff or not
play the game so this is what you got
people this is what could you got people
and now I'm I'm setting all of my might
it for some reason it lost all of my my
bindings yeah listen now I'm rebinding
shit refined it is whatever bindings
yeah ii telling the joypad what keys to
what I'm putting the important one goes
on the joypad this game yes as a million
different button prompts oh yeah look it
on the button prompts here page 1 page 2
page 3 page 4 single but not including
shift 1 because it's not because it's
like a flood to be later okay
yeah you'll hate oh but I'm not playing
it for you so are you doing you enjoyed
my play it I don't care huh yeah it's
crazy I don't want them bein changing
she'll less important next target
previous target that's important that's
important um while we're waiting for
rich to bind keys we can talk about the
very disappointing news
that somehow someway people made me root
for seth rogen I don't know if you have
to be on his side of the situation and I
fucking hate that cuz I disliked sethro
they had a mindset I had no interest in
that movie to begin with em when I first
heard the concept I thought it was a
little like weird to be making a movie
Lee but the craziest thing to me is like
what everybody's talking about now
there's so many different topics you
could touch on and talking about this
whole situation and the fact that all of
it started with a kernel of an idea of
Seth Rogen in a room somewhere smoking
pot and going you know we should make a
movie but look what's happened yep not
to say it's all his fault of course it's
not let's see it's the fault of the
hackers but it's just weird to me though
that's I wish it was there was all this
controversy and all this discussion
being brought up over movie more
worthwhile yeah you know I like but I'm
feeling the interview is not dr.
Strangelove rice oh right it's it's a
weird situation it's a very lazy Jewish
this point even and Sam yeah and and I
see people talking this is not this is
not Sony's gaff Sony was going to
continue with the movie this is theater
change this is theater Gems pulling out
and it's where like it's easy to say
like oh those pussies and it's like I
can understand people that are upset
from that perspective but at the same
time I can understand you know there are
business and are concerned about the
safety we have game
and so absolutely this is disappointing
our oo also Kilroy and makes pie rich so
you can bang it's so wrong under heaven
yeah I'm even here love yes I trying
fuck's sake this is my is the most
difficult thing I'm Sergeant Amy Jones
here oh hey hi Colin apparently the
Alamo Drafthouse is replacing like their
screens that they were gonna have of the
interview is Team America oh that's
gonna be yeah fuck yeah
a drug right oh I don't mind seth rogen
I first saw Seth Rogen in Freaks and
Geeks cuz i watch that show and it
originally aired sure loved it and of
course no one knew who he was then
alright this guy is funny like I'd like
a dry delivery everything I thought you
really Pony on them Church and like the
military over Jimmy much sure does not
want to be low volume a best test card
almost all the way down Church and I
don't you know yeah yeah yeah can you
what do you guys think that is all game
on open broadcaster I have a turn pretty
far down yeah but you can see where the
green line goes the green line still get
something how much lower than us should
it be green lion lower well lot lower or
I could probably turn it down even more
I mean say turn it down oh fuck this
people subscribers are saying it's still
too long
alright you know what I might just do
this muted what fuck it
sky dandy thank you for subscribing to
our cavalcade of jackass er and fuck up
hurry that's what we have here a
cavalcade of fuck up hurry
it's like you know thinking thinking
about seth rogen like he was great in
the 40 year old virgin kind of like a
sporting gas and like weird goofy guy
right yeah and then super bad comes out
just couple of fucks come out what just
couple what the fuck's coming up oh my
god
there is professor physics up thank you
for subscribing
who is the please the other one doctor
medicine hi doctor scientist I'm doctor
scientist I'm professor physics thank
you for subscribing professor
we really appreciate him it's I got to
rebind everything again it didn't save
your by now did not save my fucking
bindings this sounds like the worst game
ever
it's just hard to stream yeah lots of
technical difficulty you don't want fuck
it I'm you do what you want is your game
what are you doing rich what's the call
you have to make the call here volume is
good now now that is that now that it's
all no that's not completely is it well
rich thinks on this yeah super bad which
you wrote or co-wrote yeah right yeah
good movie I like to super bad this it's
fun it's good solid comedy this is what
I'm saying um oh this looks fun TIE
fighter it's neat
look at you to fly to him I already died
fire looks great yeah I can't I can't
select the targets though because my
bindings are all fucked again I'm very
really sorry hey Mike shotgun thank you
for subscribing you sound like an 80s
action hero but this is my partner Nick
pistol here was it oh oh shit oh shit
I'm successful I'm I blew it up anyway I
flew into another ship there you go oh
god I think he's Seth Rogen suffers from
overexposure and playing the same role
in every movie sure that's his biggest
problem
hi I can go ahead and do that I
he's an okay writer okay I'm I'd like
some of the movies that he started okay
yeah hey I'm fine Apple Express ghetto
sip Lord thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it uh yeah panel
Express was alright huh it's a shipping
ride it was the same gag though every
gag in that movie was the same gag which
is this is something that normally would
be very serious and we're gonna be
idiots um all is the premise for the
book ever saying there's other gags in
there I know I like that movie just cuz
they hired a weird art house director to
make it so there's lots of bizarre
little touches throughout the whole
thing
alright like there's a great part where
when they have you know and that's a
good movie you have to have the buddies
they split up at one point where I added
each other they ganar you meant to go
their separate ways
yep and it's James Franco sitting on the
playground
crying while eating a cheeseburger and
there's just this little chubby girl in
a bathing suit
like looking through the fence at him as
he's crying and eating this to you
burger I'm just like that's a totally
David Rives idea I'm not that nice
little touches like that alright first
let's the only dumb comedy made that
actually was any good even a few of them
they're all pretty terrible sure but he
makes good smaller film okay you know
what okay you know and I I just don't
know if I even have strong feelings
towards James Franco we're just like
he's fine in certain roles yeah
he's wrong as a leading man and like The
Wizard of Oz I was I was the green
powerful like he's completely miscast
and stuff like that but he's great and
uh Spring Breakers
I think he's couldn't find Apple Express
I still have yet to see Spring Breakers
I it's on my list of things to see its
thing that's that's what I did oh my god
thank you for subscribing I suppose your
name is oh my god did you did oh my god
right the way the screen is cropped I
can't even see the information I need to
see this is terrible
okay we're choosing a new game the
here's the weird thing about that you
can't see it rich
but the chat but I can we know what I
can watch it in the preview and see what
settings are so weird yeah I think our
choosing a new game the bridge wants to
keep trying to play it but that's fine
you want I can just I can sense the
winds this looks really neat
fucking oh did it oh I did Silverwood 77
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
a lot of some hype and I'm down with
that
down with the sub hype for ty fight dumb
yeah I did stop talking now
oh yeah okay now I'm plugged my laptop
that's alright then you're right pirate
Jake Franco takes more shit than Jack
Packard I agree I just I don't have
strong feelings
he was also great on Freaks and Geeks
all comes back to freaks and geeks you
know I just wasn't that big of a fan oh
I think it's a great job okay okay
Oh Billy hecka
I can tell you Rich's very rich liked
women commander it was very excited for
this new game from the Wing Commander
guy I don't know what it's called of its
star citizen our citizen you know who
likes that yeah that's all I got
oh yeah did you see that one the one
with James Franco and where he was the
climber 127 hours yeah yeah I saw that
he's good okay I'm Franco
I thought the movie was over stylized
for what it needed to be and I
understand that there try to overcome
safer fact that 90 minutes of a guy with
his arm caught in a rock I would like
something a little more minimalist with
it personally
fine movie do you think is that it was
that the tagline what 90 minutes of a
guy with a time maybe longer
I saw the theaters I don't know how long
it was but okay yeah they're definitely
trying to overcome I'm over compensate
for that it's a true story wasn't yeah
what's the American a movie right it's
George Clooney in that I think you might
be I don't know I love a Glee recognize
the title Langa's Khan says while you're
watching rich play the oldest game in
existence what's your opinion on the
American I don't even know I don't think
it's a George Clooney movie but I'm not
here acure they go fantasy house Jerry
is the movie I was thinking oh yes
that's the exact opposite of 127 hours
where it's Matt Damon and Casey Affleck
stuck in the desert
and it's 90 minutes of them wandering
around the desert it doesn't get much
more minimal is the met a lot of people
ate that movie but I thought it was
completely effective for what it was
trying to do I walked out of the theater
and I felt perched I felt like like I
needed a drink of water it's like okay
that's good Oh Jack I have to tell you
about this film Jake I'm not gonna say
the title of it because I'm gonna stream
it on the new year stream I don't want
people to know about it ahead of time
because they have to go in blind I
watched it last night
I'm 99.999% sure that nobody has ever
heard of it okay completely obscure I
had never even heard of it until last
week it's from the early eighties and
it's it's like if Don Dahler midnight
beast and galaxy invader sure if Don
Dahler
tried to make a David Lynch film but not
just the David Lynch film if David Lin
if it's he tried to make a David Lynch
film and that David Lynch film was David
Lynch trying to make an early eighties
slasher movie that's what this is and it
gets so surreal and bizarre and I'm not
sure if that was made by someone that
knew what they were doing and was
intentionally making it surreal tough or
if it was made by someone just trying to
make a slasher movie but that director
was completely insane and/or incompetent
but it's the most excited I've been by a
movie a really long time oh my god
starts off kind of slow sure but it gets
really interesting and really fucking
weird it was shot in the world
bouncing somewhere I need to do some
more research on it that's awesome but
here's the thing okay and I'm not this
isn't like Oh wouldn't this be funny
like I legitimately want to remake it I
want to find out who's responsible for
it
no fucking clue um but I I'm as I'm
watching it cuz it's shot kind of poorly
it's shot like a Don Dahler movie yeah
that's like a downed older movie huh but
I'm watching it and I'm picturing in my
head like what it could look like looks
like Don dullard but if it looks like
like early seventies Dario Argento it
would be really something interesting oh
so it's the most excited I've been by a
movie in a really long time and it's a
bad movie it's really interesting well I
think this is great well you guys have
heard of here first this is the next
movie this is this isn't exclusive but
something that will probably never
happen but it's it's yeah that's great
again I could see it in my mind as I'm
watching it I could see the whole thing
about Cindy and that's amazing oh it
sounds great
hey morick sorry I didn't get to you
earlier but thank you for subscribing
you very much agree I wouldn't very much
appreciate it and um no I don't think
column that it's patch Adams
it is patch Anna oh I'm sorry
hmm says one of the scariest movies I've
ever seen yes and you end the stream of
balm is New Year's New Year's Day New
Year's Day I decided to do a New Year's
Day great I'm come here your hangover
with weird shit oh my god what a
terrible idea
oh yeah for this string this year we're
going to be using Ustream you Street so
to the best of my knowledge Ustream
doesn't have the issue that Justin TV
had which was there's a limit of a
thousand people outside of the US if it
it's a thousand limit of people in the
chat
like people can still watch it but you
can't enter the chat unless you're in
the US or something weird like that okay
I don't think you street has that okay
uh a horrible glory says I got my tablet
set up in the bathroom
so I can watch rlm screen with on on the
bathroom while puking on the bathroom
all right sounds like you have this well
thought out I think that's a great idea
okay good luck I'm gonna try and take it
easy on New Year's Eve so I'm not
blinking too bad of shape to do the
stream what time does it start is it
noon I've been doing it the last couple
years noon to midnight oh yeah that's
before easy I don't know what I'm
playing yet this year I generally try to
stick to a blanket we play our stuff of
course my shirt with the features other
people's stuff and try to stick to like
public domain or M's that are so obscure
that it won't be any sort of idiot that
nobody's looking out for the rights no
all right I will be streaming the
interview though oh I haven't I have a
copy yes
oh no but you know I was talking rich
about that just to get back on the
interview that's big news right and rich
had a great idea which is yesterday
that's exactly what Sony should do at
this point is just offer it streaming
offering opera hissing yeah that's a
reasonable price and everyone and their
mother will want to see this movie now
yeah yeah and make sure and then after
you stream it send the numbers right to
North Korea I'll be like because you
threatened ten million people saw thank
you for letting them see this is yeah do
you I have admittedly never been out to
an IRL on screen before
do you talk during the stream yeah and
you've done I mean I suppose like it
started up where we do but I don't know
that's not what it's about for me like
sure that's like that's what this is at
this boy this everybody else just
chattiness that's why I'm curious yeah
no no it's always just been streaming
stuff they're trying to show weird
things to people and you know I talk in
the chance okay I like it I like it
last year you play death lists yes I
ended with death lists did I call you
old man after that yes you do okay oh
god you guys saw old man I'm so sorry
some hate crime I have never seen death
list you seen old man but I've seen old
man and if death list is anywhere near
the caliber of old man deathless
deathless is much worse that technical
level on a story level everything about
his words shocking old man was a
disaster old man was a Geok of them you
know as as a filmmaker when you're
making a movie that's usually one of as
a no budget filmmaker yeah usually the
first question you ask yourself is what
do I have
yes that I could film on Kevin Smith had
a convenience store right uh Robert
Rodriguez had a guitar case that's how
the story goes there's uh what the fuck
the way this is I really can't see who
that's on so thank you for letting me
know Ben Parsons
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it so you ask yourself what
you have what did what do I have and the
old man they had a house yeah you know
what everybody's got a fucking house you
know a house and a Halloween mask that
looks like an old man yes that's what
they had we just moved into a house I
found his mask count looks like Oh ma'am
and we make movie inarticulate masks
it's not there's nothing to it this is
the mask
maybe I play old man again this year and
I wasn't scheduled last year that was
just a play deathless and people are
shocked and amazed yeah I think it just
came up in the channel except like the
idea that this guy made another move
he's like a helper Lana oh sure I think
I don't remember if it was planned or
not uh Jesus age
Jesus age bacon pants uh the it's a good
name by the way
the stream oh it's bacon pants Oh No
okay so I don't know if you got the
pants no.9 or if he's benign bacon pain
is it there's a lot of the stream will
start at noon Central Standard US
Central Time Cowan says it would be
cheaper to actually buy an old man that
might be true probably go to find an old
man go to a nursing home I'm sure they'd
be happy for the company yeah yeah from
our experiences working with with the
elderly and videos they really like to
talk I think there is happy to be out of
the house oh my god
yeah someone is asking whether or not
there's any new comments from the alien
vs. predator which reminds me of
something someone wrote a song for us
comments from what we did the comet
video crocodile brain oh yeah and people
are asking if there's any new great
comments I mean nothing will surpass the
crocodile brain but someone was kind
enough to write us a song
the alien doesn't have eyesight skinny
the alien doesn't have eyesight look
crocodile brain brain don't play the
game
thank you sign you to know someone just
even helped me to mp3 oh okay
thank you Chris knew when I I love this
and this has to be on me too I mean I
guess what I'm sure you even have to ask
if he wants it on YouTube yes maybe we
can work on something with this song to
get it up on youtube a video wise we'll
see once again Chris Newland I very much
appreciate that song and I think it's
hilarious wonderful
you barring twice um yes I will upload
the song some time some world what
so you can download it and use it as a
ringtone as I know that's important to
all of you
oh good hold
Letty's plays oh my lord
all right so someone I think was on the
message board so that he's back he's
back he's setting up making Letty plays
and now he's making him again oh my god
I don't even know his name or anything
so I haven't looked for know what Eleni
play is easy tgp let me play cuz he had
a typo grateful you know when you use
numbers as letters it's hard to read
your user name grateful h grab it
grateful head is that supposed to be
grateful head thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate that's not funny
likes if and this game is not a lot like
Rogue Squadron he's being yeah whatever
he's being funny rich grateful head okay
thank you thank you grateful head
we very much appreciate the subscription
sorry for bumbling your name Jack had
one beer
so that means I'm a little Krunk I'm
having a Roman Coke because I deserve it
after seeing what you've been doing yeah
knowing what you were doing this isn't
undertaking this episode isn't
undertaken huh that's it undertake but
then it won't be worth it because it'll
fail yeah well what I will say I'm that
we're talking about the Christmas best
of the worst what I will say is normally
when we do our discussion it's for best
of the worst
we talk for like I don't know maybe an
hour sometimes that's sort of the
shortest like an hour there like an hour
and a half or so yeah we talked for two
and a half hours for this Christmas
episode
did we really and I'm trying to to tame
that down into something watchable I
have some ideas they're a little
different I think that's gonna make it
understands oh Jesus age but it's it's
yeah the last few days has been trying
to tame the Beast come on all the fat
and keep all the funny that's a
challenge it's an editing challenge is
what it is that's you know what that's
great as long I think as long as it
keeps you interested that's the
important I was laughing while editing
it but that was also I feel like eight
hours of editing straight where you get
sigh happy and weird yeah uh that's what
resulted in if anyone remembers our
movie 43 review where we didn't share
much just made up what happened in it
the editing of that one has all these
like weird sound effects and that's the
result of me getting slap-happy
I just originally just like a normal
episode but I started to lose my mind so
I was weird shit to it that's where the
fine
that was really fun oh for anyone asking
I saw someone ask last Sunday rich did
his very first solo stream it is
terrible but I want you because Jax
internet decided to go kaput my my modem
apparently blew up Oh
or something so I got a new one and now
my internet works fine uh so I couldn't
do my normal stream or even Skype in too
rich a stream so you got a taste to the
solo stream mr. Foreman le mr. Forman le
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
dum-dum-dum right - see they're saying
you did a fine job and some of us some
of them are saying Jack never leave us
alone with rich again sighs until Joe's
gonna be quiet
that's why I'm quiet now I'm playing
this game unfortunately I can't talk and
game yeah no we're here
that's what we're here my brain my brain
wants to focus on one thing or the other
do it that's okay that's okay no I did
not find and kill the red checkers guy I
would like to though that's really
upsetting
I had a bonus stream after the stream
yeah I was just was looking at the chat
and people we're talking about thinking
I was gonna play checkers just without
light even not having the mic on I just
started playing streaming checkers
mm-hmm and this guy was playing against
it was it cleared wrong no he just
refused to go he wouldn't accept the
drop and it fury ated me and he didn't
accept the draw because that would mean
he lost that would lose that would look
that means no that would mean he tied
and they just wanted to be a jerk right
he wanted to wait me out and you know I
don't want to stay at the studio all
night right
so eventually he got his way red one
jerk but he did he way yeah yeah he got
it last way worked that's terrible it is
that is terrible
and instead of having my back some
people in the chat we're mad that I even
offered a drum well you couldn't win No
checkers work sometimes fucking tie
bomber ship sucks huh if only you guys
could see this ship it looks pretty cool
right now you can't see it because
that's how it works sometimes looked
okay in the preview er no no it look at
this
alright that it's terrible that's
terrible cuz oh they're saying it was
gobbledygook s-- or Mike
maybe it was Mike it was the red who is
the red player
nope that's not what I want you to do I
don't know that was I get it wrong I had
a wrong key oh sure and for those of you
guys asking and this is something we
just uploaded all of the space quest
videos to YouTube and a lot of comments
have been made on my typing slash
reading ability which I mean at one I
really appreciate you your concern for
me but but to answer your questions yes
I am very dyslexic which is a true thing
um when taking my tests at you it you
have to go take tests and whatnot um
there's a scale of dyslexic and mine was
uh so fuck oh my God he's so dyslexic so
fucking dyslexic so it's a really it's a
real so in other words cut you some
slack no don't come you any slack
well it doesn't known well anyways no no
do it I'm not asking you to cut me some
slack I'm just telling you this is the
truth I think this is a thing um
dyslexia is act is pretty complicated
disorder you know some people have
trouble inputting some people have
trouble I'm putting some people have
along well my biggest problem is
actually outputting I have a harder time
with stuff like typing and writing words
and correct orders and some with reading
reading I've learned how to get over um
mostly by taking speed reading
techniques as I'm just gonna say by
taking speed mostly by thinking like
well bead I take speed and then I smoke
pot kind of cool off some of the speed
okay um no actually I use speed reading
techniques to read the sentence before
I'm reading to double read it does that
makes any sense it's it's been a while
okay
so in any case I don't worry doc I
appreciate all your concern
and that's sarcasm and yes that is
exactly why I hate cutscenes cuz it
makes me read them no I've never been
diagnosed with a DB or ADHD none of that
I don't I was not even tested for that
um mostly because my mom thought it was
bullshit yeah but my mom is crazy gets
that another time
so oh god now you guys are all typing
out of order that's always have no idea
how that actually hurts to be in my head
I knew you know what I knew that you
guys would be supportive of this one
church that's fine let them do what they
want I just literally won't be able to
read it so the comment pass and then by
the way your comment will pass it it
means nothing that's really the thing
yeah that's that's always the funny
thing when you know that there's someone
like getting worked up with their angry
comments or whatever like on YouTube and
it's all you do you just like go click
is out of your life forever cuz they you
think they're accomplishing something
it's so high it means so much to them
mmm that they that they irritate you and
it means absolutely nothing
oh my god it's almost cute it is almost
kid grateful head we asked Matt Hammond
about the yarn lion head over the
fireplace and say my god yeah
and if he doesn't know where it is he
said that was just at the house oh he
went to look for it they posted he's so
weird with his YouTube videos like a
post one don't delete a little while
later I don't think
any of them posted now but he went down
to the area they shot the movie he was
just like walking around trying to find
the house cuz he knew the general area
huh
and he didn't end up finding it oh he
didn't look for the house that they shot
the scene but but like that wasn't a
prop brought to set that was something
that just this person has their house
yeah and of course if you have a yard
line head that is being featured in the
movie very very prominently J already
talked a little bit about unedited
footage of bears oh we might not have
been screaming we might not oh that's
right that's what we were talking about
yeah yeah I remember we weren't sure we
were screaming here's here's the
question J yes did you click on the
closes add link I knew that it was fake
like I could tell cuz I've seen enough
YouTube videos to know what the real
ones apply sure but I clicked on it just
to see what it did apparently that
website has lots of deer shit on - I
even looked through that yeah sure but
but I mean I knew what they were doing
immediately like I could tell them the
and I was asked if anything was a part
of the video you can tell immediately
yeah you know it almost doesn't matter
cuz it goes on for another ten minutes
after that's and it's amazing by the way
uh agree it's it's an another like I
said on Twitter like like the most
interesting exciting filmmaking
happening right now is on Adult Swim of
all places I don't know what they're
doing but you know what they're doing
not giving a fuck I guess that's it I
think that's a reduction that's just
we're gonna do this yeah there's no
jokes in this although there are kind of
jokes in it where it keeps going on and
then they just occasionally have the
little disclaimers come at the bottom of
the screen about B oh yeah the drug yeah
I thought that was great but even
without that this is a short film I
thought like it didn't even have those
jokes in it I thought it would have been
interesting agreed
I've seen some people say it's from the
same people have made too many cooks
it's not as far as I can tell not
directed by the same people it's not
written
people I don't I think it's just that
it's Adult Swim's erection but like I
was saying before we started streaming
like I think it's more interesting and
better than too many cokes but it's not
going to catch on the way to get
lipstick too many cooks has that look
gimmicky the catchy song the nostalgia
for old 80's TV shows you know one
doesn't have that but it's a more
effective short film it has a more
accessible premise like everyone knows
what a show intro is supposed to be yeah
exactly and it's deconstructing that and
people understand that more so than this
weird short film abundantly side effects
of drugs like but I think I think too
many cooks also has a slower descent
into madness it does yeah it does and it
has a lot of like it has a lot of jokes
before the descent it's more of a
straight comedy video yeah where it
becomes something else yes where it's so
funny but it's a different it's not just
it's an entirely different kind of funny
yeah well this when it started as I do
any cooks when it started I was like
okay I get the joke like I understand
this it's gonna keep going like that's
funny
ah and I thought that was all it was
gonna be and then it goes off in a
completely different direction which is
what makes it great of course not just
that one joke oh no but you know the the
slower descent also makes it more
accessible yeah probably
it's not just complete complete oddity
from the beginning yes and I think with
unedited footage of bears which I love
that that's the title of it I wish it
was held on the bear footage a lot
longer that's the only thing I think it
bit oh my mad for like two three minutes
I think it's less than a minute oh yeah
no I'm only watch it the one time it's
like 30 seconds okay yeah that should
have been much longer the wall you in
but aside from that I felt great yeah no
really really fun yeah no no jokes no
jokes now I'm gonna do the things
popping up on the bottom of the screen
the Schumer's of the show but right
that's it that's it nothing capacitating
and for anyone who hasn't seen unedited
footage of bears don't watch it go watch
it just you know and without spoiling
anything the moment that she gets out of
the van
yes is when I was hooked is when I said
this is brilliant
everything after her getting out of the
van is absolute brilliant yes
bears minor having over there
um the Rising Sun asks so are Jack and
Jay even remotely interested in TIE
fighter no I haven't looked at the
screen once so I don't know what you've
never been interested in the game I've
been playing sometimes I am we talk
about things the thing like last Jack
and I are chatting right now I'm also
working Yeah right right
I'm gathering clips and footage that I
need right so I'm not paying attention
to time fighter
mm-hmm it's true no and I'm wait why do
you need all that pornography on your
screen for work
what would wha I've never seen a cop
that large I didn't think that would fit
into a man's asshole you can edit this
out right jacket absolutely okay
absolutely I'll get this out right now
okay hold on I'm editing it out wait
okay it's ended it out okay good
what does I know whatever here what just
happened oh and this game looks really
cool by the way yeah I would be
absolutely lost probably I wanna and so
I don't think I will ever play this game
but visually it looks very neat
I like watching rich play because then I
get to see all the cool stuff without
having to do it myself I like them the
same your sassy deny lifts Rich's sassy
when he's in the mindset of AI fighter
one that's right too many cocks ah take
the birthday boy is one too many cocks
how long before you think there's a too
many cocks porn parody there probably is
one already you think there is more
probable I don't want to google it no
the chat does that exist one of you
google it cuz I don't wanna
having to sit through the footage I was
sitting here yeah I see you at that
looks rough you know take the burger boy
wants me to explain an image link the
image is a bike being credited as camera
operator and video editors oh this yeah
this has been floating around lately for
some reason well here's I'm gonna take
guests here Jay okay Mike was a camera
operator and video editor for a video
yes
and they properly gave him ready it on a
credit frame that's the story I'm going
out of my way well then there you go we
were a fledgling video production
company we took a job that's it oh my
god the night amazing story that first
of all I never would have believed it
that one you know what that was a great
story
you're right I cannot find the footage
I'm looking for sometimes oh oh you
found other thing I needed anyway
oh damn it mine doesn't not show you the
thing you wanted to show you he doesn't
know oh it's a video know what that you
where'd you get a shiny when these
things are a pain in the ass that's a
great thing great you did you missed the
story a bad photo ride what against it
against it
they're saying you're doing great I know
I am but you don't even tell me good
I don't understand what's happening
Richie's a Thai fighter pilot and he's
shooting down ships let's to understand
it we got to capture this outpost mmm
the thing they're okay right now well
the secondary secondary objectives is to
scan this thing's cargo okay so I'm so
you have to get within range
yeah you should automatically scan but I
gotta get in there oh wow you gotta get
fucking close don't shoot it and I
already scanner oh it's all good
that's all good okay okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry um I am going to play more Space
Quest not tonight but in general I an on
doing more games like that I think the
next one we might want to do is rich has
not yet played Leisure Suit Larry - and
so that's a game neither of us have
played but is it the same gate vein so
it might be fun Elvis delvis I'm not
gonna sing the peepee song get out of
here
get out of here Samet you have heard
great things about the same in max
series there's something there's a bunch
of games and either max point click and
all of us all of the Lucas are ones yeah
Lucas Harris ones are point and click
point good yeah I prefer the typing out
what you do maybe that makes you think
more in my opinion I agree I like I
don't I don't mind the point like I like
a lot of old point clicks you know you
have to remember I didn't have a
computer for a long time so I didn't get
to play any of these growing up just the
console the Rising Sun I have not played
the Arkham games yet but apparently the
Batman game got delayed and isn't coming
out until like like May or June right
okay yeah
and so I gotta I have plenty of time to
play those fucking games Ont of time
I will be playing them maybe on stream
maybe I'll play them extreme that'll be
a good excuse to blame how can I sleep
with the prostitute and Leisure Suit
Larry without dying I think you probably
have to find a common Oh idea don't know
if you can oh yeah or just how about
just don't sleep with the prostitute is
that an option Frank don't remember the
solutions to every puzzle in that game I
don't I'm sure it might be nothing just
an ox legal there J cuz you've probably
never heard of it the object of the
adventure game Leisure Suit Larry I know
the game is to lose your virginity okay
yeah yeah I think I think might remain
college at that game that's why I know
it huh Oh done
vanishing mission success time to dock
Asians not over to go back to your ship
to dock oh that's fun yeah um for the
for what uh MHL 87 just said Jack arute
if you seen his Facebook account
someone has made a Facebook account
first of all I have none I don't have a
Facebook Oh someone has made a Facebook
account ID oh the same picture of rich
Evans everyday oh that's not an original
idea is it not there was another one on
a blog that's the same picture of Dave
Coulier everyday oh I think it's still
going then by the way this sucks
you can't just take the same idea and
put a new thing at it that's not how
things work
you see if they're still doing yeah
they're still doing it it Coulier one
same picture of everyday I'm like I
don't know how long this has been going
on
did they rent it I wonder if they wrote
like a script to automatically do it
who do they type something new with it
it would make sense if it was a script I
would appreciate it more if they just
manually did it every day oh it's at the
exact same time every day so it's
probably just this yeah
excite I mean it's still funny but
that's good yeah
that's for the funny look at the rich
Evans one it looks like a tight a little
something with the picture of which is
he's looking it up I go to Facebook that
corn that'll never not be funny yeah I'm
really glad by the way a bunch of people
are just coming back now from having
watched unedited footage of a bear oh
good it's great and they sang I don't
know how to feel now it's true - damn it
uh-oh here we go
wow it is almost 300 lights there you go
oh it's the guy DVD picture him good one
funny one well I don't want to started
this with a superimposed could make face
next to the because that wasn't an
actual video somebody made that oh
really I know it's sort of a meme down
for a while okay 
