Episode 153
Tie MOTHERFUCKING Fighter (Part 2)
December 28, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRdSDPLTfKY
___________________________________________

okay Telecom that's a weird question
Jack do you watch post-apocalyptic TV
show what it is our TV show called
post-apocalyptic maybe I doubt there is
the question do I only watch one might I
don't watch i don't watch anything
currently on TV now i do not sit down
and watch anything on TV that only
Netflix or next day on YouTube like I
watch Daily Show on Conan next day on
YouTube if I have the time I'm sorry I
just don't watch TV so yeah I guess the
answer is no like I've seen you know I'm
I think I'm current on Walking Dead so
that's a post-apocalyptic TV show now
we've got good again I refuse to believe
that we've talked about it's almost air
something I Walking Dead I just kind of
zone out now so
we all know that season two of Walking
Dead suck super big-time yes it gets
good okay I can't I don't know if I want
to invest the time to get back into it
and by the way that's understandable
yeah there's only so much time is that
me so much time like I tried other
post-apocalyptic TV show by that rumor
revolution no that's the one where all
the power went out
it lasted for half a season okay I
wasn't a miniseries there's no show it
was an actual show and the gimmick was
all the power run out remember when they
did that on NBC on Thursday night and
the 90s they had a night where the power
went out and all those refused to do it
cuz they're like fuck that too gimmicky
shit but it was like friends
and we lose on at the time man about you
having about you and then whatever the
show after Seinfeld was at that time
didn't do it cycle didn't do it fuck
that Seinfeld which I am okay I guess to
answer your question so again I don't
rely do i watch one post-apocalyptic TV
show on Netflix
but now I'm out of it so I don't want it
anymore you know what I'm watching now a
whole bunch of The Binding of Isaac
rebirth on my Vita Wow my wife watches
something else that's what I watched
it's great
wake up day I've obtained that was the
update right I got missiles quick update
thank you for your time thank you for
playing space quest beautiful taters you
can i'm lunch eat just mention the fargo
TV show i have not seen it yet i want to
okay I very much want to but it looks
interesting so something that's on now
uh yeah it was on for a season I'm
assuming it'll have a second season
because I think it went over pretty well
I don't know much about it I know it's
not just like an adaptation and it's
like different characters and stuff oh
I'm curious I'm curious about it I'm not
seen it yet
are we gonna say Jack I don't know you
forget already
was I in the middle of something matters
you were about to say something and then
virtual and we started talking about
laughs oh and I thought that was a that
was a funny joke to me whatever I was
gonna say a genuine I'm sure it was but
who cares I'm sure it'll come up again
someone is asking if I like the
residence and I've never seen that so I
don't know that's a band president then
no no you don't like them or I do and I
have never heard them out Ivan I don't I
don't pay attention to music sorry
I like music I like listening to music
you know I've been listened to a lot of
lately because it gets me pumped Aesop
Rock oh yeah it gets me motivated I
listen to none chef ass it was because I
find that motivates me bad what is that
for New Year's um possibly it's also no
no we're talking about it's also
possibly for the next best of the worst
Oh awesome
I not be capturing
Segura gar why I asked a very important
question why does Jack only respond to
questions about himself because I'm I'm
weird if you responded to questions
about other people
I don't think you do well you know
someone asked me a question I will
respond to the question oh and if
someone asks you are the one that's
actually reading the chant I'm ringing
the chat and by the way if you asked
rich a question and I think it's a good
question I will ask which the question
for you but and Jay is sometimes reading
the chat and so I will not ask Jay a
question unless I find it particularly
interesting and then I will make sure he
hears it you know this is all yeah
and for anyone I forgot what I'm saying
see for for example a for Jay asks Jack
where was rich born I know the answer to
this in a hospital what you're welcome
you're here first bolts you are welcome
I don't even remember what what hospital
I was born yeah I don't know what legend
you would remember right I can think of
I know I'm gonna get blown up this time
Oh see there we go climb Fandango asks a
really good question rich yeah
are there spikes in this game I I will
always who is shooting all those fucking
missiles at me
no idea no idea I have not seen a
talking cat the movie I'm not seeing it
either we have a copy of it someone sent
it to us yeah
I have a feeling it's long it's a movie
I've seen the trailer it's dirty when
Ava Dakota who did you kill her I by the
way that guy makes like 10 movies a year
got awesome but I have family that's the
movie that's funny just like the fact
that the title is talking cat I have a
feeling the movie is not going to be
terribly 20th
sure but I haven't seen it I can't say
I'm sure we'll watch it eventually
either for best the worst or just some
night yeah
who knows if you die again yeah you
don't want this game is this the same
mission no oh as the Colin asks a very
interesting question
he says Jack asked rich to ask me what
my favorite gaming memory is so rich
instead I'm gonna say rich what is my
favorite gaming memory your favorite
gaming memory is is playing TIE fighter
Oh weird I couldn't come up with a joke
fast enough
sometimes what you just gotta commit to
it how to commit
oh yes I'm talking can I actually know
this because I know weird things
director David Dakota his next-door
neighbor's with Eric Roberts his Eric
Roberts does the voice in the cat sure
so it was literally David Dakota just
calling his neighbor no Eric Roberts and
saying hey did you record this voiceover
will do it in like 15 minutes and so he
just went over to his house and record
it in this house yeah like 20 minutes or
something that's great there's Eric
Roberts will hear they do anything
whiplash cam says it's too bad Jack
didn't realized the residents question
was probably to ask about his comments
on the clear I'm at you know that was
Josh that made the residents coming Josh
is the music guy he commented Kristen
the residents their albums they have the
their album covers say these giant ie
heads the end when you see like the the
I temple and all the eyes a judge made a
comment that it's the worst residents
album cover that was Josh that was not
Jack that would make sense
Josh knows a lot of things about music
yes yes he knows lots of things about
lots of things that's why he's called
the wizard oh shit I'd die nakum sure
Billy hecka what's your favorite game
sure
talk about Twin Peaks amore I feel like
I've exhausted my love for to it Peaks
and talking about it Jack would you ask
me to ask you to ask the chat why the
chat is asking us to ask other people in
the same room to answer questions twelve
Oh see that's an interesting question
what episode of Twin Peaks should I show
my friend to convince him to like it ah
the first episode the pilot that's what
gets you into it
asked to be the violin yeah that's what
gets you invested in the mystery no
mystery that should have never been
solved but they did they the studio
precious they do solve the mystery yeah
yeah if the whole idea was that they
were never going to there's really the
show was who killed Laura Palmer but
that was just a framework to hang all
these characters and meet all these
people yeah and it was just never gonna
be resolved it would just be something
that will be in the background for the
entire run of the show but that is not
something that's appealing to a network
or to a general audience so other times
the second season started they were like
you gotta you gotta wrap this up you got
to solve who killed Laura Palmer right
so I about halfway through the season
they did that and it was great but then
they had no fucking clue what to do next
but I show the floundered for most of
the second half of the second season so
the show does have a resolution it just
overstays its welcome face of it that
storyline has a resolution which it
never write it wasn't intended to have
and then after that they just had no
idea what to do with it
yeah so that that's when it really
suffers and it gets very bad for ya but
I think with any TV show you you kind of
have to start with the first one
especially this one which yes which you
need the myth the mystery is the entire
premise energy just mystery it
introduces all the characters properly
and it's a great piece of filmmaking
like I mean I know and I think it was
released in other countries as a film
they shot a different ending for it and
release it just as its own standalone
brendi movie
it's really effective as that
what oh it was just a long question big
Ron asks Mary blog big Ron okay Jay mind
out of the gutter and I'm just making
sure I'm just trying to clarify these
people aren't writing filthy screenings
just asking general like power are are
you enjoying streaming video games what
made you start this is there anything
you guys would like to achieve with this
channel the next 12 months like I had to
read that a couple times just to make
sure that it wasn't like click here to
get more viewers oh sure
are those fans yeah but I mean I've been
enjoying it
yeah it's fun huh way video game stock
hangout
I never know what my my goal is I just
go and do things that's my problem in
life
I need more goals yeah chat what do you
think my goal should be with a streaming
channel my targeting got I made many my
targeting my mic piloting gunshot you
can you can take like system damage
I couldn't steer oh oh really yeah yeah
you know we have no goals like right
we're not going to like do some sort of
like cheesy gimmick to get more viewers
or subscribers or anything
hopefully we'll we'll just continue
doing what we're doing in people that's
kind of what you do maybe we get better
at it and it slowly grows I don't know
yeah well and hopefully we have been
getting better at it as we learned the
system obviously you know visually this
stream is a bit of a clusterfuck but
mostly it's working and as we get to
know these software our problem was we
we filmed prereq episode before this and
we should instead of like getting things
to work beforehand it's true
we were we were working on the next
prereq episode before the stream and we
got busy with that once again you're
gonna come out here we may as well kill
two birds with one stone
absolutely exactly exactly Lucky Strikes
our gimmick is being entertaining
hopefully yeah semi entertaining in an
attitude terribly entertaining way you
know which we do try to entertain and
tell stories and we mostly fail that's
okay
absolutely failure is always an option
no no not that keen though oh sure
I'm just hearing you quietly go what and
yeah sometimes you guys ask weird
questions and I kind of love that and
kind of freaks me out sometimes repto
flux says jack have you ever killed an
elk if so with what weapon no killer
easy we're open the country they sure
down there I guess we don't have many
elk here in Wisconsin especially
southern Wisconsin yeah I'm being
targeted so no I have never killed an
elk have you ever hit a deer driving
through the country I've never hit a
beer not really knock on wood for that
fucking every time I see there's deer
crossing signs even like when I'm in
like the suburbs fucking oh I don't know
if I told the story before but I was
driving I was visiting a friend out of
town with Karen and blend up in a rural
area and Karen was kind of feeling sick
that day yeah she some kind of neck make
she ended up finding out she had mono
but I and I ended up just driving on my
own do up a pharmacy
okay there's medicine and I'm striving
down this world rural rural can't talk
rural road never road rural road
building rural road and suddenly just
like suddenly the road turned like pink
the whole road and I like like half a
block up right in the middle of the road
was half a deer lying there like that
thing must have got hit by a semi and
full speed yeah cuz I don't even know
where the fuck the other half went by
literally half a deer that's that's one
of my - disgusting deer stories okay
other time okay no cars are involved at
all on this one uh-huh but I'm just
walking through the forest preserve I'm
minding my face - like to go just for
once sure when I was younger
came the teenager itch so I'm just
walking through the forest preserve I'm
I'm observing nature that one one with
nature and I I saw off into the distance
like ways ahead of me was a deer leg
just just a deer leg and so I'm like
walking along and I'm kind of like
staring at this leg my head's kind of
Turner does I'm walking by and I'm like
where where is the rest of the deer a
fine question and I'm pondering this not
like a well and then I turn back look
forward I almost stepped in the rest of
it like literally in because this deer
was pretty rotten I thought almost went
in a rotten deer Oh chest cavity
so I took one large step went over it
almost throughout them and I started
walking home this is the thing by the
way deer are big yes they do damage to
your vehicle yes you is this a common
thing because you your whole family grew
up in the country right was is it a
common thing now like if you're home for
the holidays or something where when
you're leaving they say watch out for
deer no no my family does like they live
in the country too sure it's yeah
whenever I'm leaving watch out for deer
and they say because everyone at my
family has hit a deer at some point
driving out there was this Easter this
year might have an Easter a carpooled
with my sister gave my parents for
Easter and as we're leaving and watch
out for deer watch over deers everybody
always says that we're driving and we're
talking about how everybody always says
that and we're commenting on the fact
that neither my sister nor me has ever
hit a deer out there literally right
then just as we're talking about the
fact that we've never had neither of us
have ever hit a deer love timing yeah it
was it was perfect comedic timing
luckily didn't do any damage to the car
the deer ran off so the deer was
apparently ok oh I'm sure it has
internal bleeding and it died shortly
after
but in my eyes it get it gallivanting
away okay okay would have happened I
could I could have by the way leftover
beef cake says riches dear story is now
so many film starring to Franco mildly
funny yeah that's why I said it was
except that's all I got no and you know
I just I mean did your family did did
your family also grew up in a rural area
I guess he didn't grow up we they moved
out there later and maybe that's the
difference where it's like my family was
from a rural area and so it was just
known it was okay deer are just around
okay yeah okay that makes sense but
because you know they've been out there
long enough now where it should just
become but it's still every time
anyone's leaving drive careful look out
for deer say it all the time because
they're fucking everywhere it's true
it's true also if you guys would like to
watch something adorable go on YouTube
and look up deer deer deer deer deer
deer as if you're writing a rder yoga as
if you were writing a letter to a deer
Oh what's her name a comedian who's on
Garfunkel no it's Kate Micucci I don't
know she was she's a comedian
she plays a ukulele she has all song
cope dear dear if she is a part of the
duo yes
so she's the shorter dark-haired one yes
okay and she has a cute little ukulele
song called dear dear and it's adorable
alright the key Minuten Manucci nicki
minaj nicki minaj has a song called deer
deer and it's great that does not sound
nearly smutty enough to be
and did you do like I'm dodging missiles
oh my god I could never make it as a TIE
fighter pilot um unless they had an
elaborate system of catching all of my
throw-up
do you see what's going on here like
just look at him spinning around oh boy
maybe that's why they wear those masks
it's not a breather it's just to catch
all the flow of the TIE fighters have oh
my god they need the dwarf don't says
barf anymore barb always like barf barf
I just said it but you said it after I
said no but I was going to say it
anyways gonna say it in 25 years it's
true
that's really true that's really sure
for that for those asking what my
favorite Hall and Oates
song is the answers all I find a hollow
notes to be incredibly underrated man
add some good tunes who is your favorite
Hall or oats which one has mustache oats
I honestly don't know they're great
though um this is an interesting
question that the Rising Sun asks to us
yeah is there I'm gonna dire straits
here okay rich might have to answer
later okay
go ask question the question is is there
such a thing as a good bad game much
entry way it because you have to play
this game is so awful you know if I ever
play big rigs off the road racing I will
tell you oh yes I've heard that game yep
there's that one there's the one where
there's like the Sons of Anarchy game or
than where you play as a motorcycle
outlaw guy that's supposed to be
notoriously
put G and bad I don't know I don't know
if you can enjoy it the same way you can
enjoy a bad movie just cuz a bad movie
is eventually over I just need to
game and it's more of a passive you're
just watching it you're not experiencing
a experienc eNOS yes so the quite the
answer is maybe tryna I'm trying to
think of a good of a good bad game like
a game that well that's it like we watch
bad movies no boob rambo last blood
would not count because rambo last blood
is amazing and brilliant that's right
it's delivered whatever the rim whatever
rambo last blood is it's deliberate yes
yes they knew what they were making
right and a vision the same with QWOP
like Burt yeah co-op where it's like
it's designed to be what it is yeah this
needs to be a game that just fails at
whatever it was trying and you you gain
enjoyment from the film yes I'm sure I
would imagine this it would be difficult
now the same as enjoying a bad movie
right but I obviously not qualified to
speak on video games but I would imagine
it would be harder to find something
that works on that same level right
where it's it's bad in such a perfect
way that there's comedy to be had from
it's bad yes I cannot think of a good
enough example because most most of time
is just frustrating there I mean I mean
there are notorious ones event like V
the Superman 64 you know there was a
Superman game for the Nintendo 64 yeah
it's really bad notoriously I don't
think that's entertaining though right
no the AVGN game was just bad yeah
oh yeah there's just people are saying
Deadly Premonition people always talk
about that game I know mister that's
come up before isn't that's yeah that's
just what you guys say when we waited
for anything by the way family
premonition no again don't shit your
pants was one of those games that was
purposeful everything he was purposeful
it's stylistically designed to be that
one good yeah real horror stories was
hysterically inept game making but we
were laughing we were like oh you're
playing oh yeah that was we're not sure
whether or not that was designed to be
that way because somebody mentioned
April for release that April for those
didn't I tell you they got ahold of me
oh no who did those horror story people
the maker of real horror stories
Ultimate Edition
sent me a YouTube message what saying
that they're big fans I thought I'd
mentioned this I know this is I'm really
sorry
Wow saying that you know they saw that
we stream the game and the term was
sorry sorry for creating the game
they're big fans of red letter media
okay they said we were a bit harsh well
to be fair we were a bit harsh we were
that's really true and then he went on I
assume he went on to list reasons why we
didn't like the game we're kind of for
younger audience it was mass to be
played you know like a lone and the dark
in a different experience other bullshit
but the person was serious okay listing
off a litany of excuses of why we played
the game wrong and it's actually a good
game we've all wrong bullshit
well first of all now twitch plays
pokemon is saying we need to play Deadly
Premonition so oh no maybe we do I'll
trust you to do my Pokemon because you
made a really cool thing and I I don't
know that's is Deadly Premonition the
game that people were saying reminding
them of twenty peaks or is that a
different game yes
Deadly Premonition is Twin Peaks is
Mother's oh okay but it's bad is it a
bad cable reason I can't own shit your
pants where it's purposeful this is the
question I did I will listen to twitch
plays Pokemon sorry take the birthday
boy people are talking about this deadly
premonition yeah japanese twin p not any
between humans as was made by the
Japanese okay well mall radical I know
you're cooler I'll listen to you do
American twin peaks' isn't really
American bride even Lynch makes foreign
films in his own country
Oh was that you Alejandra 42 i retweeted
the drawing you made of rich and I of
spooky rich and I I didn't know that was
you i retweeted it I thought it was cute
we're skeletons and we died because they
management so bad it's good we timed
because why because aliens was so bad no
isolation was so bad
did you oh you're not on the Twitter
said it made you died man just died I
see you're not on the Twitter no I'm not
rich isn't on the Twitter so he didn't
see a thing every tweet my goals
completed I'm just getting out of here
no I died oh okay
a fearful sludge boy yes I'm very
familiar with Jair Bookwalter he
actually distributed Mike enriches
oranges movie which is now out of print
but I knew of him from high school
because he produced a series of movies
that were the first shot on video movies
that I ever saw available in a video
store it's like you can do this it kind
of changed it changed my life a little
bit so yeah I appreciate Jerry Buchalter
the first shot on video movie I ever saw
the D produced was called bloodletting
starring Tina Kraus who later went on to
be in our film the recovery so that was
kind of Anita anything is somewhat
inspirational that they are Bookwalter
although i don't know how many movies
I've seen that he actually directed I've
seen lots of these prisoners
it seems that next killer more more
aware of the stuffy priest oh yeah you
can shoot a movie on video and get it
into a video store my life discovered
this and there were bad movies right
look he's an okay little booby mm-hmm
we just didn't have we didn't have a
video store we didn't have a little
video store
yeah we had a lot more air again no I
there was lots of independent little
video stores around me growing up it was
wonderful time
sure even as a kid I hated blockbuster
and I don't know like I didn't
understand the idea of like I'm like I'm
a bigger corporate chain like I didn't
even register to me I just didn't like
it it felt more sterile they didn't have
the weird stuff and it really can I
didn't like blockbuster
yep not until not until I moved into the
city yeah and video stores began to die
out oh sure and there was a great little
video store right down the street from
us the first like a little a little flat
my now wife and I had in the city and
there was a storm right down the street
it was fantastic in all sorts of weird
movies and DVDs it's just like this is
why people love video stores yeah as
likely six months later they went out of
business because every video store
business and it was beautiful
favorite video store growing up there
every Friday night was a dollar video
they had a cult the section that's how I
discovered John Waters I discovered
David Lynch weird weird French movies
like all sorts of crazy stuff but they
never had there's a couple movies that I
always wanted to see once I started to
get interested in my cult movies and
different types of filmmakers they
didn't have John Waters from female
trouble okay which I always heard was
his best movie and he didn't have a
racer head those are my two movies that
I could not find anywhere that seems
weird and then I moved in Milwaukee
there was in the property remember the
prospect mall yeah they had a video
store and they had female trouble rented
to me first thing I did when I moved up
here and they had a cock it was likely
you had cartons and you took the card up
to the register and then they gave me
the VHS tape ah they had the card for
Eraserhead but they never had movie I
don't know if it was like someone rented
it never bought it back right so that
was for the longest time Eraserhead was
like my Holy Grail but I need to see
this movie big J moves to the big city I
moved to the big city I get to see the
John Waters film gonna raise your hand I
finally saw a racer head cuz a friend's
roommate had laid out at the VHS copy
that they let me borrow it
finally saw it there's stills everything
I don't for what is the one in river
what River was filming video oh yeah
just a little video store and is that
still good it's as far as I know okay I
haven't been that way a couple years but
I believe they still rent or DHS
okay which is I mean there well there's
some stuff that's not available any
other way there's some stuff that never
made its a TV oh yes Atlas is dead I
have seen the Artemus bridge simulator
rich if you see that bridge simulator no
I have none it's it's like an FTL
but it's from a first-person point of
view and so like you know Battlestar
Galactica yeah like how they had an
entire bridge mmm it's you have to
control stuff but you're in a
first-person point of view so you
actually have to like walk around to
different sections to control them huh
it looks interesting so rich now I will
show him after the stream yes I'm not
going to stop this transition it does
look very interesting we'll see how it
pans on the XR of video games
elaborate on that question the Rising
Sun makes generally great video games
ooh who's that but they want to know who
we think is that I know yeah anything is
the Pixar video I don't know if there is
one yeah but Pixar is also they have a
specific niche and they are very good at
3d animation like that's the thing where
it's like so I think your question is a
little more complicated than you mean is
there anybody though who you would trust
100% every game they came out with
anything about Pixar now when it comes
to movies for a lot while they're sure
sure play always tends to have a good
game play a closing remark of the ninja
shank one into the invisible ink
yeah yeah that clay plays pretty good I
obviously really like Edmund McMillen
who did super meatboy binding Isaac time
for CAC and other such flash games yeah
valve has always put out good stuff I
guess we can also though people who made
good games like Pixar but then it
started to falter what are they doing
now I
I think they're owned by somebody else
and I think Carmack is involved anymore
and so like Lassiter went on to head
Disney and kind of little Pixar
John Carmack has has left in a software
sure
I know Rage wasn't the most popular game
in the world but before rage there was
Wolfenstein 3d that played when before
doom came out I was amazed by
Wolfenstein 3d which is like which is
like the old windows maze screensaver
with Nazis oh yeah then then they came
out with the other doom and quake they
could do no wrong for a long time it and
and then kind of like you know rage see
quite a sure
I don't know I guess I
yeah it's that's a weird question Pixar
games
okay and it's not just that like making
niche games that are always good but
making niche games that are always good
it made the niche games that became
mainstream they created the damn
first-person shooter so that I guess it
wouldn't be yeah because that's what
Pixar did they made the animation quirky
independent ish got blocked by somebody
else then things started to go downhill
there you go I don't I think somebody
bought out here I could be wrong there
you go that I think that sounds right
then it's it made something new and
different we're taking a break and then
doing something different
where was that oh oh that would be
appropriate it was cold back
are we doing what taking a break and
then playing a different game sure we
can do that hey guys we're gonna take a
break and play a different game so get
out of here rich cuz you guys stopped us
traitor yeah oh yes I am I'm just gonna
charge now I know that's weird
yeah weird bethesda bond in there say
yeah
oh they want you to scan more contain
your ships I'll play something else
Oh God hey guys well you guys are you
guys you know I'll take the break we'll
read the chant yeah are you guys loving
TIE fighter do you want to see something
else that's the question I proposed to
you but we're going on break now thank
you bye bye
you